You know what I do is I'm writing for kids, and, in fact, , I, I, I, I'm probably the author for children in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has ever chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphany.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that you dropped somewhere.
You only have to turn the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's a picture of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood . .
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, at Stanford, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they were beaten to bleed every week in the boys' bathroom, until a' teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to enter the teacher's bathroom.
He did it in secret.
Three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Pool who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to meet.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to run up with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
So we found a place, we were interested, and we take care and we took out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, it became a box of ashes and it was put in my.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I, I'm very happy today that I was talking about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job proportional.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first eardrum.
I was amazed.
My heart is fast, , I was dead, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The chimps all around 60 meters, almost 60 meters, and I couldn't be able to think that it was a snowflake on another snow glass year after year.
The chimps are born when they get away from the glaciers or break the ice walls.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to give up, and they go down to the end, while others can't support it more and they fall into a address.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, a iceberg releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these chimpanzees as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these times unique moments exist in that way, and won't exist in that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not a end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of your life cycle.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photography is very young -- it has a couple thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The latest pictures I I would like to show you is a iceberg that photographed in Kesomical, Greenland.
It's very often to actually get a rolling eardrum.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a terror of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This is real time.
And so you name, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby, every single baby.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them start and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my, I'll have two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people draw the anatomy -- to say, of human and animal bodies, how the body fluids have considered, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that performance in my work is the activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, improvement of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with satellite twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with phenomenal people, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical typology doesn't fit in the conventional male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it an intercommonation.
It's a lot of self-assembly.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't be located in the male or female or female form.
For example, there's the case of the individual with X-ray, whose X-ray gene from chromosome and tells the photographers, that we all have in the fatal life, which become testicles.
And then, in fatal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors, the body does not react to the same.
It's the inspiring syndrome to anger.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a . It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome Y . .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermandengical glands produce airplanes, the hormone of masculinity.
Most women like me -- I consider a, a know, a typical woman; I don't know her character structure; ; I, I, I think, are a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the angiogenesis.
We produce angels and we respond to the farmers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the woman who was born with testicles who have the inspiring syndrome to the announcement.
And so sex is something complicated . It's not that the internals are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a van; I had a girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I was wearing a life as a boy and just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme way of a's disease as a congratulating hypothesis.
He had the 20th chromosomes and in the uterus, the supermarket glands were so active that, essentially created a male . Massachusett . Man . Massachute . Massachusette.
As a consequence, their genitals were mastery, and their brain was exposed to a typical male component.
I was born with a child; no one suspects nothing . no . No . No . No . No . No . No . No . No.
And it was at the age of 19 when it started to have medical problems caused by the internal menstruation, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women inside.
Well ,'s another quick example of a case of interconnection.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes developed what's known as anthropologists, which is, they have an organic tissue wrapped in terms tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- they're a, , or simulator twins, or internal surgery, are being subjected to normal surgery, is not for a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why they're being subjected to several surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is based normally on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categorize.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people within a same body.
The most logical case is last year with the South Sembly Saturn corridor -- he put in trial of trial his sex in the Berlin International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine if Casey semester is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such an exam.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or between men and internal and women and women and women and internals, we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we move the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories directly with stable identity categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get in a rough terrain.
So let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we do about the fact of spreading from them in just a few numbers?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're doing probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in every realm of human life.
One, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which one body gets human and has different rights to the fetus of the fetus.
There are very busy arguments today -- not in public, but I know within medicine, about when someone considers dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it wasn't moving yet, it didn't even.
If I stopped moving the buried.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple category in the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of category could make someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I'm teaching people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
I'll be able to consider that these categories are much more unstable than we thought of me.
Think from the point of view.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am an ad fervent from the parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I found me every so much by looking at that music,``1776"and not for music, which is totally possible.
It's why it happened in 1976 with the parents.
The founding parents were, to me, and the first activists of anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy, the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was reached by the blood, transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea, and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They were involved the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences . That was a very radical thing.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system where two things were being spent.
And democracy was managing, and at the same time was born science.
And it remains very clear, if we look at the history of the parents of the parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distance from supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look at, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are . We are.
And in consequence, we were broadcasting the idea of anatomic coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then came the Civil Rights movement of the Civil Rights movement with the people in the California Treature, who said,``Am I amn't a?
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, ,``I, I, I'm a man . ''
And again, people of color who appealed to anatomical coincidence about the anatomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the disability of disability.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start wondering why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example: I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give us to anatomy.
I don't mean to say that five years, they would allow them to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions for me, and that I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why will keep them, and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that I think at the beginning of this talk.
We've got two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms: was born on March 1 , 1980.
For the fact that we've been born three months before Mary was attributed every right three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to baby.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other tracks in relation to their rights.
Henry, in the virtue of being considered man -- if I've not told you if it's 18, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for mandatory transit that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, by its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in several ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of anatomy that we have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is us.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosome, and to marry a woman you have to have chromosome Y.
Now, in practice, they don't do any chronic tests to people.
But this also is very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the inspiring syndrome to the announcement.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in its speech``I Have Dream"offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people``not based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to ensure people rights, because I have to admit that I know of some of the things that probably deserve more the social services than some humans I.
I also want to say that maybe some of the lawyers that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me was wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, perhaps with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this kind of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in democracy defense, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to make sex change, where he's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say we don't have a context like the one of a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that I had done a satellite twins light, and then separate them, and that's how he agreed his fame.
But when the phone asked the reason of the operation, it was a very risky operation, he replied that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and therefore I had to do it.
I said,``Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be to your head.
Well, finally, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and it's that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic typology, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, since I've been interested in immortality, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that's interested in me is the differences between men and women in terms to the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships, and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- -- I was interested in feminist, as I was now made a.
\" Tell me what you have about feminism . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I've heard.
Feminism has to do with embracing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about the question, the more I have seemed to be there is something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable social relationships.
So if the parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people out of the state, it's possible that, you know, they have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And perhaps that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect joint, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose between a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their cost cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the world tens, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But they just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owners, and that the other half would still fail to get it.
You could try to increase the ability by making explosions in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those animations.
But they could go to a, but they could go to a, , build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting them together.
So I proposed that governments would create new new breeding areas to contain cities, and I gave them a name: cities under status.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Java and eighth were thinking about the challenge of Honduras reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 people would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras happened by a description constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Diet Lobu was adapted with a platform in which it promises reform and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Occupy to be his chief.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of refinement, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as a norms to progress . And usually, it's the rules that prevents us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
He showed him to Java.
They called me.
They said,``Let's try this to our country leaders . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . See, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, and he said,``Paul, maybe we could see the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with displaced terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path so that our country advances.
He asked me to go to Geographic and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the hormones that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that's going at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded correctly.
The public faces were really serious and attentive.
The pig leader came to the platform and said,``Professor Romo, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city option that you could go to to be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away north.
And it also involves new options for leaders.
Because Honduras government leaders need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status, so they could all trust that the charter effectively turned.
We went and saw a site.
This is from there.
It could easily be about a thousand square kilometers.
And soon later, January 19, they voted in Congress to promote their Constitution and add a constitution to that allowed these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, they supported it.
To include the constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
February 17 again passed on another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the vote , 21 to February 24, a delegation of about 30 honors was at two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city being built in South Korea; ; it's bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and at the same time it will be able to operate under an external legal system.
One, a country has been committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last institution for this new criminal system.
There are urban users and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've already solved is that you have a good number of a lot of a.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to a job, and sometimes they're single mothers who have to make the money for so only eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it think about the building of a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insist for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my . Voice.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, colorful and different for every single occasion.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of sun markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guardian in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to meet interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique, and buying becomes my personal pursuit of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be from my?
I'd like color?
It's less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my courage, I, I, I, I want to tell you what I'm packing for this exciting week at TED . .
I mean, what about somebody who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven inner clothing pairs, and nothing else.
And inside of it for exactly a week, it's all I've put in my courage.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after arriving here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me like the woman walking through TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Is it not interesting?
While I do it, , I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that, believe it or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of spend a lot of money to see.
You can always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is replaced.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you don't just understand it, you will also appreciate.
Wednesday: Guideline of the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like a game to the disguise, or I remind them to their seven-year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you have no stare that you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: universal truth six words for you: the golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I developed a personal style, and it's a, a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a.
I tried over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to enter my little vacuum.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to emotionally close to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, shining suit, if there's a love in my and I.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we use a scale to measure each hemisphere, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be completely intuitive.
So where would your brain work on this scale?
Some of them would take one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great appeal in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not to be mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, which as much as most of the other experiments of quantum quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see as they react . And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only on one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, developed it.
I remember observing a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and it wasn't very well, it always fell.
But I bet that you play with that parking bar, I taught you a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow the transplant, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except to be a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, and they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really weird things -- as they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, physics was found a few years ago; they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and perhaps because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it also fits my logical part.
Because if it's all made of small particles, and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why you're a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics superpower.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend a little bit . It's just in the center.
And then here we do a pretty good approach to the small metal plot.
What we see is a little little bit of metal, in a form of transportation, and it's going to be supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I set up all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a swimming piece of swimming swimming.
So this device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but for it, it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is, full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to hurt them, or, actually, scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companions of the inanimate objects are not only people, and it's also the light that the flood and the wind goes next to it and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to leverage all other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and removed all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a one.
Now, by being only on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We found that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly like, I was vibrating . And the way I was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- as a kind of shift and contract.
And when you give it a soft push, we could make it vibrate and not at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean, it doesn't vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case: all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in a few instances when they aligned.
In the rest of the time, they're descriptive.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, that it once means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously . Seriously.
It's worth setting up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on the scale between one atom and that metal little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal little bit and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was described in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights up and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just a little bit of a little bit of a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
More than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound strangeness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amitience.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my, and that allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I promise, with 17 very interesting museums of nine.
But I'll focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories from why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew in India.
A great education -- I don't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a of a team, and we started to do it.
It's better to show the demo for then to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from your launch.
So, just, we go to Goldichience.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's Bush gallery, MoMA, Emily, Richard, Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click, and, you know, we're in the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We open up the flat up, and, with a single click, we jump inside.
You're inside, you want to go at the end.
Go ahead . That's fun!
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Hospitals of Peter Brunel in the Metropolitan . ''
I see the sign!
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured on what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels . of.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixels.
It can run around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``Wait a moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and found that kids were actually playing something.
I went through a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit one's step in the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get deeper in deep, and you'll see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go away from the picture, so you really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump at MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night Street . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and it really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night stream ,"I think I had never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``Collectives . ''
You all, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, I've created this function that I call``The Power of Compassion ,"-- we just made a zooming around.
It's about``ambassadors"in London National Gallery.
You can take things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the incredible things actually don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even either come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it makes justice to their artwork, and it's properly represented online.
And the big question I'm doing today is,``Did you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon to everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a think.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in the friendship of Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Murm 1, and you took a of a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming the free air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and agreed.
According to cities is big.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all these details and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Pale Anthony for weekends at MoMA during summer.
It's called``TEDTalk . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense it's almost like the old Michelangelo dream.
You know, when Michelangelo wrote the Moses, he says, at the end, he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- -- you can actually see a little dent underneath and said,``Percy didn't run? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting the idea of capturing the environment and performing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, you played Italy and France, and at the end, I gave your head.
And anyway, I won at the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here's the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Green River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the evening, there are people over here, and they're doing calls, moving.
It starts the Party: silence.
Gold from France . Italy . Italy.
Transformation; people make a call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of regular time.
First time, second.
Zimitation, and at a, in the head.
Win Italy ,.
That night they all went to the center.
You see the big bit.
The next day, everybody went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody came down.
You see the picture of the place called Circular Massachusett, where, from the Roman time, people go to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have done just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today, we know everything about the protection of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway would throw.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle ...
And after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
complicated things are happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is, if you look at every day that the cup we're carrying doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on on in the planet.
That if the plastic bottle we're carrying a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we'll be able to promote some change change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assault Bible, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarahanni.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that you have a chaos and valves, solar valves, you open up and close.
It's created like a water water, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this at Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
It describes a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you get open, you open up so you can pass.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salcounder, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when the roof goes down, someone who was there and said,``demolished the building . ''
No, it's not that they've demolished it, but when it comes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to try not to move around the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in reasoning came to the building because the way of interaction had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to not get wet.
( People noises) And for us that was very interesting, because as architects, ,, designers, we always think about use people to give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things for interaction, that people use . people.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it's a if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
It's normal, but in three dimensions, where what it changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different type.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then that all of that could be a 3D cloud of a 3D cloud that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Flickr going down to form a V, as before.
When you turn light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bell -- -- of the best ballet dancers today, the star of the New York Metropolitan, and from the Milan State of Milan to capture their motions in 3D and use them as an entry for the Flickr . .
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's for the London Olympics Games.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud crisis like the barn cream, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges: think of climate change or CO2 emissions, how to move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered from pixels.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, as a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital fan at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to better than they are?
You assume I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be better, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of yourself?
How about a good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What are you most like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creative .) Creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Hands up . Let me see.
A few . You probably owe the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose memory?
Some more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of you . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it be possible?
Evolution has been a theme here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's gaze on the topic.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, Type Television, that also computed in the Rose Orthodox Church, wrote a titled essay,``Nothing in biology makes sense of evolution . ''
But if they effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, the most interest in us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervals there have been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indifferent, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry on the most bacteria in the most bacteria than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damascus gives you what the autism is -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, , it's very advertised.
And we're going to provide you all the nutrients that you can want without effort for your part.
It's actually like a one for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the exit.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future do?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something maybe better than the environment?
In this vast uncertainty of the universe, life on on Earth is like a brief birthday; the animal kingdom, as just one and only companies -- and human life, a of a little note.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I just entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divide and all of the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It comes into science reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought, well, sex, sex, sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going, I had more and more doubts.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns's feelings, which still was played in Vegas Vegas in their 90s.
And one night, someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, he finds a magnificent dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I came for a``soup soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to restore health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more healthy and healthier.
Evolution consists to move the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are such as refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen said when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my job.
I want to make it not dying.
Evolution does not necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the faster or even the smartest.
The evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only survival and success test.
In the bottom of the sea bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've figured out our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated, we circle, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have an isolation that's needed to happen.
A second possibility is that it's produced by traditional type evolution, natural, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are a wake-up, but they're incredible.
And in the isolation, when as a species we collect distant planets, they're going to be insulation and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, terrifying possibility.
It's called the neocortex, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take . individuals.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they are choosing more than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its offspring, but in its own body, it will make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the app?
Don't you want to do those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand 13 years.
He cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year of finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to 20,000 dollars, and in a week.
I won't miss a lot to make the human genome for $1,000, and it will be more and closer to all of them.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are we going to protect themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to go out of the tobacco?
That's reality today, and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
So imagine just two little changes.
Can you change your body cells, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if you could change the sperm and the egg, or change your newborn egg, and give your children a better chance of a live, eliminate diabetes, remove the hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us also to adopt hypertension supercomputers -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster hire muscle that allows us to run faster and slower?
Why not live more?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of going through this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, they're going to have before.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful society?
Or are we going to have relatively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that will be more boring and more uniform or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 300 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor clicking, click, nails.
Close, , click, , click . Southern sounds.
Well, I, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the ID.
It was the only one I could talk to.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already appreciated the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot aliens the plane with the Hudson River.
Mostly that's not the route.
I took the motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noises.
And then he said three words.
The top three words I've heard.
He said,``preparing for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to make in life, and I thought about all the people I I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came a, which is, College came bad.
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'll open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we had the George Washington Bridge, that I wasn't quite a lot -- I thought,``Wow, I really feel a great weigh . ''
I've lived a good life.
In my and my mistakes, I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a medium on, I decided to remove the negative energy of my.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
Within two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels of wonders.
I don't try to be right; choose will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water to approximate.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, , I had the feeling of, wow, I would die . fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my . .
And that sadness was framed in a single thought, which is, just wish one.
I wish I could see my will grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, cry, like a's little.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
On the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle, not to die that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You're flying today, the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please not that -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What do you do, that you would still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy's called TEEB.
TEEB was one of the most important graffiti of the '80s.
One came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
I can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
That's why we decided that we were going to sponsor to Tony, TEDx, and it.
So I went and reunited with her brother and father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, not that I saw Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone at the movie``The Scandination and Mangraph"?
They communicate that way -- they're running with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I was introduced with the only wish of delivering a check, and instead I signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
I committed to her brother, and with his father there at that precise moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their interior can't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Green Research Lab, which has a technology that allows you to project a light on in any surface, and then with a laser pointer, you draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
They first start with sex organs, then with bad words, then with attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and so much to move the things from one to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates companies, and we got a machine so that SETI could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's most fun; I call it YouTube because when I talk to the guy, you get an email on it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world, literally from all the corners on the planet to our home.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the back garage, and these hackers and programmers, and anxiety, and analogies took the house control.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we were going back, they would have taken out the squares of the walls, and instead there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we were programming, we went to the shipping side of Venice, my son was part, my, and we created this.
It's called Erudalist, and you can see the description.
It's a are a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the side side of Venice Beach, a little bit of copper wire and Home Sport and Radio Shack.
We take a PSA camera, and we open it, we put it on on a light light, and now there's a device that is free to build yourself; we publish the free code, the software goes down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There is no hospital to say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEEB room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's your room.
And there was all this balance, and there was all this balance for the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, two weeks from the entire night, , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking parking of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends and would imagine what the feeling was in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to breathe in the parking, so we felt as if we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me, and I would get away from there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
I Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really great.
The best of all this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle is that in April this year in the Gulf of Modern at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the Street . Art . Art . ''
And``Art in the streets ,"it's going to have the best experts of urban art, Shakespeare Farmin, CAS all of them are going to be there.
TEEB is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically, this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the School was nothing possible at a certain moment.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I did nothing with ocular recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something we feel to do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in usually very difficult situations, and at the same time a time.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous . dangerous . danger . dangerous . danger . dangerous . danger . dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous . Dangerous
Film in areas of war -- hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in horrific situations with the only goal of dealing with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they look at interesting and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some may have heard, or no, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane on eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered to sale the rights of my TEDTalk's name.
What had was was the following:``A USA: shows: my TEDTalk that you have no of what it is, and it could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it back to you or your company when you do it.
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a degree in progress, by the way.
So even with that sauce, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the right.
If you'd have asked me a year ago, a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, for something as hard or as dangerous as I enter the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spacecklas: I want to make a film that tries about the position of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that all of the top at the bottom, in principle, has images of brand, all the time, from the absence that appears before title, the X brand.
Now this brand, California Statify, the Star Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film at the time.
And so the film explores this whole idea . (Michael Kashin: Is it what? (MK: It's redundant .) Is it redundant.
I'm a redundant penalty . MK: I: I . It was more for emphasis.
It was``To . ''
But we're not only going to have the passenger of the X in the title, but we're going to make sure that we can take all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the largest shoe you've used ...
The most great car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best suit that you've been drinking, cuts from``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Kwabena Koya: So, the idea is, then, in addition to showing the brands as part of life, make them funding the film? MS: So, we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, at first.
And I would love that CEO helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Girl: I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
AK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to replicate? (: David Cohen: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: Very good .) John Kamen: Kamb: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but it's certainly worth convincing a couple of big brands.
WK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, and we see a of a of a' lots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rube: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: It means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Okay.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS :
MK: We have some places where to go . () MS: Okay.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera"meant we have a conversation outside a microphone.
The camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this.
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people look out as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the special media scenario, isn't the idea to tell with that new worthy of attention that's going to lead the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a claws error, and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been well.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians are named, president the name, even CEOs.
But suddenly when it comes to making it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear, which still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
I'll eat an entire bowl of cool Wikipedia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies, and tell you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you have to tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking up as he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- that only because I knew John Bond and Richard Britishuttle of many years I realized I would have to go on my, and I, I would have to take out of the middle and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warning suddenly -- -- I started to realize that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small, independent films like mine.
And my friends who make a big Hollywood movies big, giant, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, of Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically to Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Bank development.
At any point during an interview with somebody, I can say,``Are you really cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I will offer one of these fabulous trees.
So much``Four Florida"as``Paradise"are going to have its opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like for women, solid, ball, in bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a positive look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you count, we're more a living brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like that, , you know, remind people is the reason that we're interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe to Ben?
It's in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in your armpits.
Man: Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this patient in positive, versus the smell and the sweat.
It keeps you cool.
How do you keep you cold ,? With better freshness, more freshness, three times.
Things like that, they highlight benefits.
MS: And that's a multimedia company.
What about me? What about a kind of thing?
I need to talk to the man from the street, to people like me, to the commons like me.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My brand?
I don't know . Yeah.
I like a good clothes.
Woman: It's going to take the 80, punishment parking, unless it's day of washing.
MS: Okay, what is the Jerry brand?
George: unique . Man: unique .) Man: I, I: I, I, I, I, I, : I, I, is a dark glamour.
I like a lot of dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually, I take accessories as sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand that could be a classic collective,``Mercedes Benz . ''
Man 2: So the brand I am, I would call it a case.
Woman 2: In part of a hippie, part of yogurt, partly Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the type of pets.
I'm going to see toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my.
In my little sector, that's my.
Man 4: My is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: Frankly marketing.
Is that something?
lawyer: I . lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify myself in the intersection of dark glamour, and I'm wearing it.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Olympics Zalana in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New, ,, ,, , Hillary to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Absolute: Takes the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: So these people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case, and in my case, they're original and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like the different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: how much of the``why"-- what is that?
What's the male? What phase is you finding now?
Why is it important to reboot? What does the red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you?
MS: Ow . Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . A: Yes . (: Yes . (MS: Yes . (: Yes . (MS: Yes . (: Yes.
MS: Yes, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in this.
Lionel Zalani: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality -- the Morgan Spaceland brand is a conservative brand.
They're very well self-assembled.
And I think there's almost a.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that aren't safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a match and make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you like that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini Cooper and Netflix.
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands, and those things that they've gone and come, but a pediatric brand is quite powerful.
MS: A collective brand . What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you a ascending attribute? Are you someone who makes your blood flow?
Or are you rather a decent attribute?
A little bit more, reserved ,?
And the advantaged attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, or bold, or audacious like Israel Florida, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic as Galvana.
Or are you more closely aware?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2007?
You're established, traditional, provider, protective? You identify with Oprah?
You're reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, safe, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, advantages and descendants, who said no, didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neocortex, and we got to tell the story in this film of how the magnetic resonance use to identify the heart centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing like film.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no valleys, there's no billboard, there's no steering, , nothing.
And we went to school district where companies are doing road in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've gotten more successful are those who I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took out the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with it to create something different, something that is going to make people think, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you been? Did you succeed?
Well, , since the movie is being released in the Supreme Festival, let's take a look.
According to Burdos, the movie is in January, and since then -- and this is not all 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This just covers a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press or TV.
The movie still wasn't distributed.
It's not on the line . It's not in marketing.
It's not even in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started winning momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk to do with their customers will not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train their employees in the risk aversion, it's preparing all their company to make rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people that they don't have fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's take the fear . We embrace risk.
From a spoon at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And in fact, we have to hold transparency.
More than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And so I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We administer transparency"has been presented by my good Emma friends who by $7,000 who bought the rights of the name of eBay.
EM: It's turning big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: We address transparency.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7,500 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
And in my pocket pocket, I have a check on the name of the matrix organization of TED, the Sapling Foundation, a colleague for 7,000 dollars to be applied to my last year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the zoning plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to trust this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows installation.
The lander comes into to the gray box, it gives the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is delay; it's missing.
Is it easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating about South York six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex at Windows part: the installation used multiple dark vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
And that was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened to this.
So, very strange things happened.
Stuxnet was behaving as a laboratory rat that we didn't like our cheese: waves, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely targeted . ''
The installed facility is looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
if it doesn't, Stacey does nothing.
So that's called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better we will discover the target soon.
So we looked at and we discovered the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs: a: a, and a little bit . small.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
I knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the State installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you: charge is very complex.
It's really above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old understanding language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the function of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperature and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with the targets of the real world.
We need theoretical theories that we could approve or destroy.
To get to the theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a, , and it's got a, and it's certainly located in Iran, because it's where most infections has been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and to the restaurant plant of Natasha.
So I told my assistant,``Trillion a list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I made them an effort to bring their experience to what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital child with the control of the rotor.
The rotor is that cell part within the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you run the speed of this, you certainly can grow it, and even to make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow, and it was an obvious effort to get crazy to the maintenance engineers, so that you couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital child by observing very close to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 146, in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha, and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 146 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts of the stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had in between.
So it wasn't massively.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We had been able to have no exit and we had to go back.
Yet, we found out that both digital comics, they had a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small child is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and recovering them, and the big glass is communicated with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We don't have to worry about other targets being reached by Stuxnet.
Here's some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is we intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still runs through the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, this false input data is asked by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security chamber is a video feed.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to bring the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to fix a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is, , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then they can have bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And it's not the operating system or the security system.
That's scared.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with controllers, with uranium training.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker, which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional technologies to disseminate it.
Let it possibly.
And if you do that, with what you end you end up end up with is a cyber of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East . .
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Now, Ralph, it has been public on many sides that people assume that Moses is the main entity behind this.
What's your view?
Ralph Langley: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay . Okay.
My opinion is that the message is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for meeting . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be carried, and that gives you supercomputer skills, or someone else that makes users from wheelchair to lift up and walk.
In``Berkeley Bionics ,"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different than something that gets in the morning, and gives you a force, and it also increases its speed, and it helps, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other foreign entities.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start to talk about the American soldier that, in average, has to take over its back a back, , and it's being allowed to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
So let me introduce you to the HIV/AIDS -- the Universal Human charges.
Soldier: With the HAL exoskeleton, I can cover 90 pounds by variables for many hours.
Their flexible design allows you to to to to drag and execute movements with great agility.
It perceived what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my.
Ethel bless: are we ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this . new . new . new . new . new . new . new . new . new . new.
That's a reality.
Now let's look back to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage with damage in the spinal column, that by starting their life -- at the 20 , 30 or 40 -- they collide with a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is aging that multiply quickly.
His only option, often -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I should recognize.
So, we decided to start to write a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you with the ELAM that's using Amanda Bohalde who's 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal column, and as a result couldn't walk back 19 years, until now.
Amanda Rothblatt: Thank you.
EB: So Amanda is using our ELAM, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer on board, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to the motors in the hips, and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing down the downhill.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and everything from the pelvis down.
Shortly, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you will never walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my.
And the technology of adaptation since then has allowed me to learn how to slip down on the street, and we can climb rocks and even ride in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, to now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda, and to all the users of wheelchair, all of us.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, to practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the football man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying types, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where the death violence has not yet been observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the jungle forest, and it's been very hard to study.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the line itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been tested for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War . .
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation makes you not fill in a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not secure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the``make love ,"not war, because they have frequent, promising, bisexual sex, to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kama Survey.
The Bonobo, like humans, are love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a.
For us and for them, play is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules rules.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity diversity, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the very evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique video clips taken out of the wild.
First of all, it's a Bonobo style game, and I don't talk football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, , it's got from the balls.
I just think that in this case, I love it, right?
So.
So sexual play is common as much as in Bonobo as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time, it is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can fit many forms, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, -- maybe the place where the awe is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Frank, a young female, who's playing with the water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it is that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But also, they have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to leverage the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems to play the least, you can be the moments in which the most urgent thing.
And so, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, fire fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers are completely qualified to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability.
But still there was a career on against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found captain, I was focused on in a conversation with the owner that certainly came through one of the worst days of their life.
We were at full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, shark, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I was, let's call it Lewis Luther first to the captain, and he asked him to go and save the house of the house owner.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a building in the flames to save a living self just because I won five seconds.
Well, was the next one.
The captain made me an enormous.
He said,``Bezos, I need to get home.
I need to climb up, and I bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I'm sorry.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I climbed the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the football firemen that at that height more or less had finished the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back through the ladder where I met my and the precious dog on the door.
We took out of the house, the treasures for the house where, as it was waiting, their treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house, adding by the brave effort shown to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that somebody had reached it even a couple of shoes.
So much in my vocation in Robin Hood, like in my vocation as a volunteer fireman, I, I witnessed, and I witness on a monumental scale, but also of Thanksgiving and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're about to do, remarkable levels of success would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give you, let's get it now.
They serve food in a dining dining ,.
Be mentors.
We're not all going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but each day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So you enter the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules from a fixed measure that they fit with each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time . time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO was happening.
He was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LGBT bricks came to all the homes.
It's estimated that you've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, and the favorites in the world, and it turned it into a of a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the laboratories Bell, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much larger and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Literature are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, , sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
Green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an intentional light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solar, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make blink faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to the bricks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors;, it must be accessible.
We've given literature to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of a elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken literature to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience in an electronics start playing with litigation as a material.
So here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, , we have George creating ...
( Mechanical noise) A of a few weeks ago, we took the designers of Rhode Island's design School, which has no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a of contracted cannon.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a long planet made of Play-Doh.
For these not engineers, , literature became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So, literature is open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can get a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue the video.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right . Thank you very much . Thank you.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians so that you take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you're supposed to detect, and we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Colombia for America, and they would be like some peace bodies for telephones.
We select some members every year, and we put them to work with municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild.
They made big applications;, and they worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibility of current technology.
You know.
It's a hydrant of Boston City.
So here it comes as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is that someone cleans it when it comes through the snow because it knows that it's not very good at standing fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get help in this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a computer team for American members.
And they were there in February, and at that time, I refused a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: citizens cleaned up with the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept clean it when you're born.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can steal.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year . last year.
But it does something that any other government technology does.
And it spreads viral.
A responsible of systems from the city in Honolulu when you see this application realized that it could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami smiles.
It's really important that these tsunami Sirens work, but people steal the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens wake up the caps.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they were born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that it doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done for the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California, that until the moment has cost two million dollars, it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of a subject of warning to the government institution.
It suggests government better ways, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an old-fashioned institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only College for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a big frustration to that, but they don't complain, , they fix it . .
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And that is that if we left the feelings about politics, and the line at the DSM, and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in words of Tim Orleagua, :``What we do together, because we can just not . ''
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, , I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- remember that from``We ,"-- the way of thinking about affecting the way we produce change.
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to make charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, of cartoons.
This is the cell phone care center and information.
It's the place that's drawn to the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott landed this call.
He entered``Zarahan"in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open up the door doors, put good music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . OK by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of guards.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called Citizens connected.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of the New urban Mechanical Medical Office.
One, this really happened, it comes to this,``Zarry in my . I don't know if it's dead . I.
How do I do to take it out? ''
The Diamond City dynamic is different.
Scott was talking about people.
In Citizens Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Narrator: Yeah? Did you live? Yeah . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yeah . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes.
I went back . I went home.
Good night, signal candy.
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of governance as a.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected two people.
And it could have connected with government services to be necessary, but the neighbor is a better and cheaper service than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we have the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a money.
An important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen to a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that contempt that keeps that thing that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work we need to make the bureaucracy sensual.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That does the Occasion movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a report from 325 pages in response to the request of the SETI.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it is time for us to ask us what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they'll have to face.
Do you really think we'll get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We cannot pressure government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to replicate the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act mathematically, you only have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, at regions, I, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to; they're all going to.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't really care about making your voices hear.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking off weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a signal inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants, and many people do it.
But these applications are a digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens . citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, we'll be a crowd, or we will be a crowd crowd?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in the death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching, and hearing these stimuli have given me a lot of energy.
One I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things you say here is impact around the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't be otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a sense, but if they're taught with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and I'm going to be if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice on, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a American family dominated by a matriarch, that was my grandmother.
It was tough, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the speech in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia on the 1940s.
She was born over 1880 and his experience with slavery confirmed the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but he was also loving.
When I was a little girl and looked at it, she came to me, and she gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped.
One or two hours later, I went back to him, and he came to me, and he said,``Brown, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I would grab again, and if I said yes, I was leaving in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be near it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with it, , it wasn't easy to to take your time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and there I was running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and he looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and he smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, and she took up, and he took me up, and he said,``You see Brian . We two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget.
He took me out and he said, and he said, and he said, and I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, mama . ''
She said,``Now please do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said,``I want you to know that I've been looking at you . ''
And he added, ,``I think you're special.
He said,``I think you can do what you want . ''
I'll never forget.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you'll always want your mother . ''
He said,``She is my, and you've got to promise me that you always care . ''
As I love my mom, I said,``Yes, Mama, that's what I'll do . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to do is you're always going to do the right thing to do the right thing to be hard . ''
And I thought, and I said,``Yes, mom . I'm going to . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to do is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, mom, that's how you will . ''
I grew up in the field, in the South rural . I a brother, and a sister, a younger year.
When I was 14 , 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where I pulled them out, and I grabbed my, and we went to the forest.
And we're just doing the crazy ones.
He took a beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and they offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today, I do . And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens to you? Take a beer . ''
And I kept looking at it with force and said,``Oh, you're still thinking about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was fired.
I have to admit something before you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I, I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say that, thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that's identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't think we could do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit.
Now, I try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This is a very different country than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972 there was 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much disaster, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black between 18 and the 30 years is in prison or conventional freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in jail or in conventional freedom.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but it's wealth that drives the results.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work on, some good curious development.
In my, in my state in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're sleep-deprived if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 , 34 , 34, the black population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it in the next 10 years, the loss of loss of the law loss will be as widespread as it was before they passed the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it sits at 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, without possibility of coming out.
Right now, we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, they've been taught to think the final question is, people deserve to die for the crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not to decide whether people deserve to die for the crimes made, but, if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Of every nine people executed, you've identified one that is innocent that is angry and liberated from death row.
A error of error, amazing; an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
And in aviation, it would never allow you ever to throw airplanes if every nine you would take away, you would have a star.
But in some ways, we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know much about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be bound.
They were worried to be bombarded.
The terror threat was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell the talks, make speeches . Tell people that they stop saying that in our story, we did for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
Every time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's well worrying to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent, and a lady said,``There is no way that with our story, we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we got to execute people . ''
So I thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany would run to people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, and the positive, wonderful things are, yet, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are substantially understandable by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalized.
In my view, it's necessary to integrate both.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the waste, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's within us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just in brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as heart convictions also.
And this connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the bright and unexpected, but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Havan, the great child leader, talking about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we were doing all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a willingness to be in places sites and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that still in communities like TED, it should be.
There's no any disconnect associated with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them back up.
I had the great privilege, being a know, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carroll called me, to say,``Brown, it comes to the Parks lady . We're going to meet to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Be ma'am . Yes I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you go? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very violent, very enlightened.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park was headed to me and said,``Now, Brian, give me this idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving it my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice administration.
We try to end up with life sentencing, without parole for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We try to end up with massive incarceration.
I gave it all my best speech, and he looked at me and he looked at me, and he said,``Hmm . Hmm . ''
And he added, ,``You end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carroll leaned up, and he put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not it's a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not it's a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illustrating, very stimulating, we will not judge us for our technology, by our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but as they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
So I feel descriptive . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I'm tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sequenced with a . One.
I go to jail and I see my customers in 13 and 14, who have been trained for them as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge convert someone in what is not?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- for God, if the judge can turn you into something you're not, you have to have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a machine.
I had a of a 14-year-old client, a little, poor, black.
I began to work in the muscle, with a grant that said,``It's a math for my 14-year-old black client to be treated as a of a privileged plant of 75 years old, executive of a corporation . ''
In the muscle I I, I put that there had been embedded in the accusation, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a line on how in this country there is no ethic, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that instant muscle would be a dream, or did you really write it?
For my horror, it wasn't only recovered, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, , I, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got into the car, and I was really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and cool.
I finally got out of the car . I walked the judge.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a senior black man; it was the judge of the judge.
When he saw me, she came to me and he said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is it? lawyer?"I said yes.
And then I'm approved and hug.
And I'm in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was virusianistically.
That was deeply connected with my, and my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
At the inside, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this little bit? ''
I said,``Yes Mr. was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . Everybody was outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy crazy.
The cops came up to the police, the angiogenesis.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the front of the eye, I got to see the counselor that was going and came.
He looked out the window, and he was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyer's table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a sense.
During the rest of a plane, it showed up because the consent had entered the room.
The assistant was left on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black guy stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me, and he said, and he said,``I went into this audience to tell this young man who keeps his view in the target . ''
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't really be humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied up to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity have to be led to freedom, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the speakers who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the eye in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BJ: There are several opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum that you're going to do in which you're going to be able to get an effort for the funds that you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of murder don't agree in arrested.
56 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
So this is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law matter, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it's got to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's like that?
JS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for violence . viruses.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we're convinced by the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to lead people to a perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by little crimes against property, instead of getting those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: So Brian, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Announcer 2: Hamance 3: Police 3: police throws O.C . cops.
Announcer 4: Descartes: Decellers . Society 5: Moral cruise . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses . Moral Crosses.
Announcer 6: Social decline: Silver 7 : 65.
Announcer 8: And the tsunami German: Capacity 9: cyberattacks.
Several localization: Warren War . mass destruction . Torary.
recession . Banking . Finally . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . Desert.
Oh my! My!
Peter Diamandis: So these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they would usually be about the last six days or of the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second, our senses gets much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Orient and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could be hurt.
That's why a tens of stories are going to look at the negative.
That old adage of the press:``If there's blood, it sells ,"it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news, seven days in the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world gets worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, instead, what's really happening is we get distorted.
Maybe the huge progress done in the last century by a's series is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy, we have no doubt.
As human beings, we're very good at getting the problems and, in the long, we ended up with them.
So we look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, the average income per capita adjusted by inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles King that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We are actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting them higher and higher.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America today, much of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The particular cancer bars last century, the world's emperor, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
supporting a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that goes on in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24.
That's why the cell phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to see two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graffiti in a law on the left, it turns up it.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, in Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we are today.
The computing in the cloud, which my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, and the ability of the ability, the 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechnology and A.I . A.I.
I mean, how many looked at the victory in Jackson of Watson, from IBM?
It was like.
I looked at the newspapers, the best headline there.
And I loved this:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
He plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have sound absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating a fancy life for every single planet on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and getting it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a National III story in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the King of the king of the King.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the king of Sweden, I ate with aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than the gold and the platform.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is eight percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by the oxygen and the silicon.
But then the electricity came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as puzzling.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about the power shortage.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on on in a planet, for 5,000 times than we used in a year.
They get to Earth 16 hours of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessibility.
And there are good news.
So this year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one in the diesel generation : 1.8 rupees versus 17 rupees . 37 rupees.
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per hour per hour compared to the 15 cents in the national average.
And if we have plenty of energy we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars now.
Remember when Carl Sagan showed the Voyager Space spacecraft to Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . How did it call?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for half of the water on of the planet, but also there is hope.
It's an available technology not in 10 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the broken innovators -- I'd like to share with you, and I was allowed to to do that -- his technology called Suprigna -- which is called the size of a small refrigerator.
It's capable of generating a liters of clean water a day of any saltwater, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the liter.
Coke president just agreed that I'll do an important test of hundreds of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that this will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is potentially empowered by this technology today.
And we've seen it in the mobile.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for late 2013.
Think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, to tell with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communication abundance that nobody could have predicted ever.
It's better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, video videos, images, libraries libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology now is demoralized and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the California Foundation something called the X Cargonam Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the equipment of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and because they have A.I, they can take, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win has to do better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morbidity load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA virus that doesn't recognize, to call the health and, first, prevent that pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion.
The white lines here is the population.
We just passed the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to tell the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they add to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What will you consume? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they're going to move more health thanks to the Triceratops, from a better education with the Khan Academy and due to the use of 3D impressions and in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of mankind, healthy and productive?
How about some voices never before?
What if we give them the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
And if you're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing that I learned with Prize X is that small teams, guided for their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that before they only could make the big corporations and governments.
I'll end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foldit.
It emerged at the University of Washington in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be folding.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's really important in medical research.
And, until now, it was a problem of supercomputers.
They've played with this university teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people got together and started playing it.
And it's shown that today machinery recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the background innovation.
We have the capital of the marketing.
And we have three billion minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the current part of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1833.
Maybe they believed that parasites, but it wasn't.
It actually picks fish.
And he described one of a very common one.
It was the grouper.
It was a lot of fish until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they're still intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and, as you can see, from some mangroves.
There were talents from about 20 centimeters, the black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and it was for a good time, so it won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years after the amount of fish had declined half.
They were marketing at five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, it started in 1960 Europe, so many of a lot of development projects.
Pessimistic development knew to impose countries that had 100,000 fishermen, to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Music 4.
I went out to fishing in, and we did studies in the South China Sea, and, especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured out there was something that was daunting.
We captured, now I know, the sea fund.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, , other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny spots about a few remains, which are a coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover, and then it was articulated.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a, soft coral fund, in this case, to be a leader.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were described because they were dead.
We once captured a living.
I wasn't drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
And this mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collecting every time you go to an area where you have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If you generalize this, something like this happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, quantities, the verb of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and stranger forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But it didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the situation of change.
And in the end, keeping a few miserable miserable.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before extracellular, is slightly frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose small animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fisheries.
Over time, there are few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, as they captain such, and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not using the scientists of the fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instruction societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
So there's a huge role that can deliver a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive, because the point of departure has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their baseline.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the West Media people, for example?
I think there's the arts, and the movies may fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a Chicago simulation simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales on Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that math and the tons are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were moving with the movie -- I'll talk about the story of Pockets why they're going to be able to move with the images?
Because it evolves something that, in a sense, has lost.
That's why my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alapash, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos become viral and what matters that matter is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, , that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper news in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a tune.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage becomes viral, it gets infinite from visits and it gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Valentines: Oh my, my, my.
Oh my God!
Wow . Wow!
Ooh, wow!
KA: Last year, Ben Vein published this film video outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This, this graph shows the reproduction in the popular boom in last summer.
Beau isn't supposed to do a video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call YouTube Mountain Beating.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kimman published this tweets that catched video to popularity.
Trends creators like Jimmy Kim presents us new and interesting things and divided them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Blackmore: It's Friday, . Vietnamese . You've got to start Friday . You all want it to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday . You're starting Friday . KA: You wouldn't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Real Blackmore from Rebecca Blackmore is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
So this graph shows the frequency of use.
Like,``Arc rainbow ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask these other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Toolift and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Myesha Science Theater, was one of the first people in making a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of a trend creators, and they share a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 characters in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the environmental entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon, or doing something new with that.
\" Nino Cat"is a, with a musician.
That's what it is.
This you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw in other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is creativity that woke up between the Internet community community.
There were puzzles.
Someone made an old version.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix emerged that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Drage rainbow twice ,"or Rebecca Black or Nicole Cat?
What a script could have written to have written this situation?
And in a world where two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the riders in New York City, I, I admit, I'm not too interested.
Casey News: I was thrown out of not circular by the bicycle, but there are often obstacles that prevent you directly through the bicycle.
KA :
That's why this approach is worth all the new we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Valumara: What does this mean?
Ohio.
KA: What does this mean?
trend creators, creative communities of participation, completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new media, a new culture, that we all have access to, and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the world's celebrity celebrities, Justin Bieber started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the features of the old media, , they're just the media of current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story finished.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communities go into safely, and they're facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they looked at it.
It was in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother has never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to engage us, but we did it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to dawn quietly to the sea.
My mother, Maine, was only 18 years when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task: the escape of his family and a live in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old mark, it challenges fiction, a boat went down into the disguised sea of fisheries . .
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a frame with poison.
If we were caught, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, and it turns out it in every wave, and the horizon vast and empty.
I don't remember the pirate pirates who came several times, but that they were fooled with the courage of the men in our boat, or the engine dying, and I couldn't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had the same taste.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would get rid of Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women across three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set out in Forest, a head suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the average class suburbs, whose existence I was unknown, in Forest, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of buried English were exchanged among people who had a common thing: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Still, I found time to study English and get an IT degree.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra twist in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to take away, which was generally clothes; ; ;.
Two pairs for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful and over the``radiative eyes"and some graffiti:``Asians, they go home . ''
To, where?
Something in me got out.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to show you . ''
My mother, my and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the ship.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to get away.
She opened a computer store, and then he studied to be a sterile and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, and they couldn't make the transition, and they were angry, and they were brought together between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was classical Asia, implanted with what I was sued from myself.
In the other one, I was locked up in accurate lives, tragically hurt by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected the year Australia of the year.
And I was stuck from a piece to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
It's so, resident anonymous from Forest, I was now so, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how talking about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an organic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each and falling asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I was now the same age as she had when we got to the ship.
\" not"had ever been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and not what these . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and hopelessness to the marginalized and despairing them.
And the more frankly I was talking, the more I was applied to talk.
I met people from all the paths in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the frontier of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only that it's okay, but it's something that I'll be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my to know that, yes, that the world is broken, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to be tremendously encouraged.
There was an energy there, incompatible optimism, a rare mix of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for whom the motto``You can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, he made a giant smell of soup that we all share.
We worked up to good at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After just a journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the confusion was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew alone.
At 17, it became conclusion of a Mandarin whose mother hit her.
Without the support of his husband, he caused a stir to sue and take the cause himself, and much more solved when he won.
You can't make it prove to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room in a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the tent of the shower, and I saw it stop the other side.
I knew I'd come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forest and we sat around his casket.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the casket.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand warm, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand since the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't blown it up . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the ship.
Who could wish that for me?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, growing courageous in every wave, , the constant rhythm of the engine, that you don't guarantee anything?
I don't know . Yes.
But if I could give it and see it, I.
New Nelson, and also the mother's mother here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singing singer Mustachure Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, we were suspended.
We now do it with airplanes.
At the time, when he admits, the great Indian warrior prince, he had a silk, he took a bow, and he got a flex on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we took out was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that's really sad to me.
Every time I felt a little bit more.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a dusk if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my.
I found that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me their pocket silver clock.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was to my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, from pirate and naution in my.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent we are.
They go out of our inspiration.
So I launched, I brought to this technological world to see how to use magic, rather than killing it.
I've got some 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we.
I'll put the text with the image, and the animation, and the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multi-policed.
But what does that be?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive application app.
He says,``Put your fingers over light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to --"I write my.
And so I become a of a book.
At several times, I get a little bit -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- which comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we were opening from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar was always exciting to me.
So by here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, light your way in what the rest of the book is.
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was that a whole galaxy corresponds to a bag.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I would drag into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In all the fantasy books there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, suice and guide you during the rest of the book.
At some point of the book also, it reveals.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content, and at once contemporary.
These are the cars.
We've all heard about the fairies and the childhood, but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts, , would you take them out?
These poor ships have been trapped in the Indra's cameras for millennia, in an old, old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, to their PCs, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology.
One in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, horns and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So it creates a digital digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A boy in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey today . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that you've been taking.
In the connections of the connections between the magic, the Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on the turn, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animals that appear on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them together so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology are closer to each other.
We leverage the energy.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about why many of the field projects failed.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to go to a head director.
And not in a very scientific way, she reached a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients, family and met, what happens? ''
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of you, or maybe not all, but most of the field projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Bill . It's very simple.
It's got a silver.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge back to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, every time I connect my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time where it needs carbon assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi sculpture, and before I go up to my, people start talking to me: Light, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From next week will be available.
This little base connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, come back to the control, and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us care about healthcare because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of the cost of medicine care, the duplicate of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by Cruzlets.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even even in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Mathleter.
It's also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest Desert to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where you get the CEO to save lives right now.
What we did was we made Cruzer in the Netherlands.
We created a Web website, and we asked the audience that: If you look at a Desert, please send it, give you where it is open, because sometimes you open in hours of office and other people are closed.
And over 10,000 CEO already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lawrence, reality augmented, to find these DSS . .
And every time you're in the city of Machine and somebody collapses, you can use your iPhone, and in the next weeks, you use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest Desert, and you can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this, not just like Desert 41, which is the name of the product, but also as NASA . .
And we would want to start with a global level.
We're using all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us find, work and act as a center for the Desert Church around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapses, it can be a, or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value.
You could be a message service or a phone service, for example, to see if the Desert who shows is still in their place.
Please help you, not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a photograph.
Or is the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at age 15.
I mixed with my previous passion for drawing, but it was a little bit different because using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends ends when you press the pulse.
For me photography, I had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that started when you press the pulse.
Pictures like this: a building in a very trained road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at a time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say reality, I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more to do with capturing an idea than a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details or the colors?
Do you intervene light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really makes no sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic, I think they're those in which we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to be wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow for realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are filled with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
It could think that this is the image of a's image, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In personal, I think it's easier to create a place that you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, fish was captured on a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone of stone.
And yes, I even did red the top of the top of the island to make it look more dry.
So to make a realistic outcome, I, I think it takes planning.
You start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram, anyone who took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing the details, but the general aspect.
It's an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as many others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Speaking of technology with semi-area curves is something novel.
Here's something weird happening here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why are technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them in a, a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be like that.
It doesn't say much.
But if I graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a seed curve would be very dumb, to see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it's a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology goes as fast as the microprocessor, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move forward to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a given growth that every few years advances orders.
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
You can't hold this change as fast as it goes.
And one of two things happened.
Or, you know, it's going to be a typical curve, I know like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all I can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
That's how we're in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is in the world?
transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
That happens a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all being so different than extrapolate what we're doing today does not make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale where I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at every billion years.
So, we took about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around.
If we look at the way that these chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet would contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them interest materials from the outside, and so the droplet grew.
They started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them would contain a random chemical recipe.
And every time they were divided, they had a unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
So every drop was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow became better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals; they grow more, they were involved, more chemicals and they divided more.
Usually they lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry life, very simple, but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand this very well, these goals learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate.
The incredible thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here, I have 100 white dust that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I amplified 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot for all of the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and there.
If it was a, I'd put it in a virus, and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years ago.
But then another great step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming these cells communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way they avoid the penicillin and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and there are now many resistance resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave a place to form communities that, in a way, were together on that, and established a synergy.
That way they survived or failed together, so that if a community was very successful, all of the individuals in that community were represented more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the tipping point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell is not without heart, or muscle, or brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they did not make more than process in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that are processing information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to register, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat no fruit, because I knew bad, and it was sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here running a few groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that holds some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we become sound, in sound sequences, and we produced something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
We now move through similar periods to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the tape, the CD-vigorous, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of T where I produced some evolution with the Revolution program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, language and so forth, took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, it seems just a few decades.
The process is removed; I suppose that automatic is the right word to to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process feeds.
But I, I made my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions.
Instead, with the Thailand Macintostacks designers, we think a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it's using methods that we don't even understand.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on on on on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, execute all of those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to come to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, he could find two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did? ''
Let's take those and eliminate the rest.
And we now reproduce the ones that the numbers ordered.
And we went back to play by following a process of analog feedback . ''
Let's take two programs, which are providing kids, that are interrogated, and kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of the combinations of programs that had a success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
California again.
It's introduced some mutations.
And it tries to try again and try again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in a few, a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how it works.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark ,.
But they fill the committed.
In fact, I know, I have the security to get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depended on.
I once went in a 747 with Martha Minsky, and he got a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says, this airplane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a flight flight . Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster, and so we can run these programs much faster . much faster.
I mean, it's removed.
The thing gets faster and faster, and so I think it looks so confusing.
Because all these technologies are fed up.
We're fishing.
And we're at a analog moment from the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our thinking that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is that comes.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before you get eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've had enough time to allow me to be part of my false for that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, it's about the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's to go out``Break the rules"-- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a battle that's 300.
That means that baseball is effectively three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the play field without being caught, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, don't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three 10 attempts.
You know how they call a $300 bat in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a baseball battery?
By the way, that's something that 10 , 15.
legendary -- like legendary Ted Williams, the last player at the Big League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now, let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I will tell you today.
Suppose you have appendicitis, and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 o'clock record.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place and a dear being loved has two clogged coronary arteries, and your family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200.
But, you know something?
She's actually getting better this year.
and their homes have been 27.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that has to be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon, of a nurse or a gene abstract?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in medicine knows the ages of a good surgeon, a of a doctor or a newspaper.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I get involved, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever made a mistake and I think to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorb when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessive student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood exam.
That's what.
I was studying in my little decline, in the nurses residence of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything.
In my anatomy class, and I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the sport, the difference of the difference of the difference and the nonprofit.
And I even knew the difference difference about how to classify kidney.
And as long as it was more and more knowledge.
And I was going very well; . I graduated with honor.
And I get from medicine school with the impression that if it memorized everything, and I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I'm going to dive away from mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met Mrs. Mrs. .
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought to the lady lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when emergency requested to consult a cardiologist, I got to attend to that patient.
I'll report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Mrs., I was sweating.
I heard a solved sound.
And when I put it up, I heard a small standard sound on both sides, which was given to me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pump the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't difficult to diagnose.
I did it, and I got to work on the treatment that I would give.
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in their heart.
I gave him diagnostics, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I committed the first mistake; he sent it to her.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and tell him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring full information.
Maybe I did for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, I could take care of my without even counting my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. arguing,``Do you think it's okay if you go to your house? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
And so he signed up the high, and the ambulance next to them took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad present in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I clicked to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking park where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service.
And there's another nurse, not the one who took care of the Dr. War before, but another . She told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear them also, but there's a, , but there's a particle in emergency, and it's that we see the patients flagod.
The three words is: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent her home?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of getting to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the manufacturers brought it to emergencies with a $50 millimeter pressure, which means a severe shock.
I just breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to go up the artery pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and rocked up to the cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy, and I expected all hope to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that I never woke up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they signed up what was happening.
And to the ninth day, they let it go . The Mrs. Mrs., wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that that was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't because of my . He was a charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I would smooth things and make sure that I didn't demand.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't my boss ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my very worst times, why did a mistake so dumb?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little at a little feeling that feeling was being divided.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened, and finally came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I stole the efforts to be perfect, not to make more mistakes, would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it went back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little colored.
He got penicillin and sent him home.
But as he runs to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, , my asked me to talk to me, honestly, in his office.
And I started three words: Do you remember?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
So he went back and didn't have a stressful newspaper.
He had a potentially fatal condition called epidemics.
You can look for it in Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air, and it can cause the closing of the land.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's managed antibiotics, and it's recovered at a few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and representatives, and then it relieved me and went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Twice in the same turn of emergency, you don't take it up.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's about 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a neglected.
One, I thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a random X-ray, but it was normal, and a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read it liquid to reinvent and I asked my colleague to check it.
He reviewed it, and when he noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, he called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered.
But every case I was tormented, I.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a mess.
The most significant people have been for the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that I tell me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that you don't eat the same mistakes?
If I would go into now a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talk about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues, also, that a trauma in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that don't -- those who can't sleep and those who don't sleep and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical press and medical mistakes to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote to my program, to my program,``White Cat, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one out of every 10 drugs prescription in hospital are wrong, or desertification is not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 Canadian people die for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's all about lumpy underestimated, because we're not going through the problem as we should.
And so there's things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update.
It's all the privacy of sleep.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a a perfect history of a patient with pain.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes to rain eyes, and with alcohol breath, and all of a sudden, my story gets rid of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate to their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if you take the system as you taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professional professionals, well, no one's left.
And with that, people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``Delay Delationship, black art ,"-- it's a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say,``This is my worst mistake ."`` This is my worst mistake to heart surgery:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?
And their students would stop, they would cut up, they would go down, they would turn out the head and they swallow saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say,``Look, don't eat the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a dedicated medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefining doctor is human, , you know human, you accept it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it's strive to learn from what happens to teach others.
Share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals other people's mistakes not with the intention to catch them, but in a very loving and a way of support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that I recognized that human beings will lead the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in when.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a refugee doctor.
I'm human, I.
And I'm so sorry, but I'm effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently I made a survey to over 2,000 people, and the average amount of choices that says picking up a middle American is about 70 a day.
Not much, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs and the time they were involved in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that in average, they took 130 jobs a week.
So, naturally, every job included many miniature.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many they belong to the nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How does the way it makes those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I'm talking about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I, I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was facing this very, very high level supermarket, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Dranice.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 bottled water, and this was when we took the faucet.
I love to go to that store, but I asked myself, , why never bought anything?
This is the ocean of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in a sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Is it working well this strategy to offer all these options? ''
He pointed out to me the full tubes of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the twins.
hallway.
They had 48 different classes.
We installed a post to decide, just to the entrance of the store.
We put up there of six tastes, or 24, and we looked at two different things, and we looked at two things: First, where were people willing to stop to try and test the measuring?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60, that when only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Those who stopped when 24, only three percent came to buy.
For those of you who stopped when six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought moving.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy more if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy military, it's probably a good thing to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choice affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't connect us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with guru Hubble, Emily Kamazanian and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country . .
And we were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in plants for retirement savings, the 401 program, described people to save for the future.
And we discovered that actually there was a.
We had 67 plans that ranged from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of offered, the less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate declined to the 60 percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were involved to avoid actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we saw three main negative consequences by providing more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is, you put the decision, that you apply it even when this is going against the self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though it objectively gets better.
The main reason is that we'll take a look at that gigantic variety of mass, and mustard and vinegar and memorization, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today, I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that you can rehearse in your business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less.
People always upset when I say,``cut . ''
They're concerned about losing space on the shelves.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll get the costs down, there will be a better experience in choice.
When I practiced the 26 different types of Head & Shallows, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Google Cat chose the products for cats that are less sold, the uses of 87 percent increased, by two causes: greater sales and less cost.
It's known that the supermarkets of today, in average provides 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the novel novel stores in the world today is Alex and it offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle the choices is the blueprint of David Laden, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a security fund.
You really want to choose, you're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know as a cut.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if their employees can't difference, , they won't do their clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I, I was Charlie.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience, a vacation with everything paying to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take Gary's supply.
( Clicks) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't they more?
Well, I'll show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey? Who's ready?
I think it actually reached more.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice of choice, that is to.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences should feel very, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, that when they use cash?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that it looks more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Islam Benjamin and Alexander Preventable, about the core NGO, who was working on in INGR, and these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 401 plan.
To that meeting, that we were looking at exactly as used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we took the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minority, there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the Webby supermarkets over the corridor of the northeast, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 64.
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two examples of jewelry.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Swizate . ''
If you think the on the left is Switzerland and the on the right is jazz, you get a palm.
( People applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the on the left is jazz and the on the right is Sweden, you get a palm.
Well ,.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Switzerland . But, you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something that you choose, not that you define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds.
Surely, who are they informing?
My fourth category: conditions the complexity.
It turns out we can manage a lot more information than what we think, if we just simplify a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision; the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you to completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to put the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are each.
Color, I have 56 possibilities . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, of change -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If it's always associated with the default button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, which is, we're losing them.
We found that those who go from many options at a few options, they operate the button because again and again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information was presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, you don't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration, in a way prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more concerned with the process.
For breakfast.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choices of choices: cutting, , eliminating strange alternatives; Connection, making it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; conditions the complexity.
All of these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help handle the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think that the key to getting the best of an election is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine, you had to record it to the government.
I had to record a text text with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a written with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think somebody could do this, so the way it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots in every page that follows a pattern that makes them their own one and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be able to do this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can aggregate attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are cybercriminals.
Like the Mr. Dimitri Gould of the city of Kiev in Ukraine.
The mobile cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money, huge quantities.
There are really many cases online cases, multiplexing, who made money with their attacks.
This is Village Tsuss, of Turk, Estonia . .
This is Alfred Gones.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Chris Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Target Alaska, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through brain disorders to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret of the U.S., two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain, she's got a little bit; he was unknown.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is victim of a cyber than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacker in importance that we see today isn't motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, motivate protests, motivate the opinions, motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months by running a role paper on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, historians like Anonymous that do it to protect, and the last group is national states the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Diggition.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decline the last fall because of a sabotage.
They killed the security of the site, and they took a cyber cyber.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people's death from attack to December.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What's the certificate?
Well, you need if you have a website with habitats, Scheless encrypted services, services like Gmail.
Except for an foreign certified authority.
They emit caregivers.
And in the case of digital, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April from 2011, and during the taken of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers, I was this card called``FBI . ''
And within that folder, there were notes notes in Germany that had sold the Egyptian Egyptian government to intercept large scale communications communications.
They had sold this for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters are right here.
So, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Professor was found, a hero used by the German government officials to research their own citizens . own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, that your phone is invented.
But today it goes beyond.
You intercept the Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Scoopy trial to infect our computer with a hero to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When we think carefully about things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we are today, it will forever be.
Do we trust a blind government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the south of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to in the most part of the South, which means that wild animals like the zebras of them freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, and I felt very badly because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to replace them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot to the lions.
They're dying these are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, from six to nine, is responsible to the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing as me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve, because it even helped lions see the stable of far.
I didn't quit . I continued.
A second idea was to use a supermarket.
He tried to deceive the lions so they believed it was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the sparenth, and they were, but the second day, they came back and they said, this is not moving, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I will press and turn the lights off.
And this is a of a broken flashlight lamp.
I grew up all.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery, and the battery supply electricity to the little individual box . I call it a transformational.
And the individual box makes the lights flash.
As you can see, light bulbs are out, because that's where lions comes from.
And this is like lions when they come from night.
The lights details and they deceive lions to think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my two years ago, and since then, we never have any problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed her many animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also being used by Kenya, to scare other predators as hyenas, leopards, and it's also being used to run elephants from farms.
And because of this invention, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, , I, I, I, I, I, I, , India International Brooklyn, Brooklyn International School ,
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my to my friends and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a child in the sheets of the savanna shaming the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he told me that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be an engineer, and a pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ashley hurts . What in my means, so much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship . Richard Turk: Yeah . Yeah . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes . Yes
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next on your list?
MT: My, my next invention is -- I want to make an electrical close . CA: An electric fence?
RS: I know that the electric fences were invented, but I want to make mine.
CA: I've already tried to try it once, right? And you -- MT: I've tried it before, but I just stopped because I got a squid . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage in every step that you go, my friend.
Thank you very much . RS: Thank you very much . Thank you.
I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``No anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim III's story, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Though sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're reciped together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child scanned in his arms looking at her mother's face without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine barrel to North Korea in North Korea.
At the end, over one million Koreans died during the famine and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night, except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my.
I always wondered why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Arabia River, which is about limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset at certain points, allowing North Koreans to.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separate from my for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a North Refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replicated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Someone had accused me to be North America, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, , it could be imprisonment and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another,``This was a fake report . She's not North . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many of them can be arrested by Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are caught in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky in escape, many other North Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can be taken back in a moment.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my my identity, I decided to risk by going to South Korea.
And I started a time again.
To stay in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but within, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I South or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call my pride.
Even though I would adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I, a plan, I started studying for an income exam to university.
Right when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities reported some money that I sent to my family, and, as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I fell into the border with North Korea.
Since my couldn't speak Chinese, I, I, , I, , I, ,, , in some way, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked all of us, and he started asking questions.
As my couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my, I immediately stood up and I said that they were deaf people who was accompanying.
I looked at me personally, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the Lord border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lads.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
And after we paid tickets and bribes, my was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in Laden's capital.
This was one of the lowest point in my life.
I did everything to release my, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison at short distance from the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more or multiple jobs.
I lost hope.
At that time, or a man's voice asking,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and to get them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I said,``Why do I help? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the North village . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my.
The unknown taste symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are actually the rays of hope that the North people need.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us remain in contact with families still inside, and we send information and we send information and money to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more and more North of the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is South Center: liquid stores, , fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together and thought, let's change the name of South Central Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if it would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles: Lichard stores, fast food, stick land.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in the South Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than, , say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how do you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go home, you see the harmful food that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see wheelchair and sold and sold cars.
I see centers of lung dialysis like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land band we call a garden.
It's about 45.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I come to win, because it's my responsibility, and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it . I.
So my group and I, L.A. Gross, , we put together, and we start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a paid group by address of all the backgrounds, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city was thrown up, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to take my garden, the quote became court.
And I would say,``Come on, do you really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no matter?"So I was like,``Okay, let it out . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. had the story written by Steve Losph, and I talked to the knife and one of the members of the members of Green Groupers, who put a request in China, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My painter even called to say that they were back and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more badlands.
It's 60 miles of badlands.
That's 20 Central Center.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
It's going to grow a plant to give about a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When one dollar of hair will give you 75 dollars a result.
It's my, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how you printed your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there . I grew my my.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my, I, I grow my art.
As a graffiti artist, that it deserves walls, I, I, , I'll start soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, they're my ambition of that canvas.
They were surprised to see what the land can do, if they let it out.
You just can't imagine how amazing a is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I witness how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how it affects kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urban.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember an occasion, who came to a mother and his daughter, were like 125 o'clock at night, and they were in my garden, went out and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that you were there, and I said, you know, don't have to do this.
This is on on the street for a reason.
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear that people will steal your food? ''
So I say,``Oh no, I don't have a fear that you're going to . ''
That's for that street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but I want you to take your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Gross has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If the kids grew up, the kids will eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes, but if none of these are taught, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this that they're trapped in . I see kids of color that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are in their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington Garden.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to carry containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious of sustainability is that you have to hold it out.
What I'm talking about is to get people to work, take the kids out of the street, they know the joy, the pride and honor to grow their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everybody to become evolutionary, constant, general gardeners.
We have to change the script of what a gesture is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a master.
And the geese take their own room.
That's their choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to look at me, don't call me if you want to sit on in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about doing some crap.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with their room so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( hammer noises) You'll probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that it takes.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars pass, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we wanted a silent road.
The solution for that is to do porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands's roads, has pores and water can pass through it, so all of the rain water flows towards the sides and they'll have a road for it to be easy to drive, and not save water ever more.
Noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise disappears, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of of course, and the downside of this road is that you can undo.
What is it going to leave? See, in this road, the stones of the surface comes out.
First one, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I, I'm not going to do that . But you can give it your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create potholes with that.
Oh . It's ready.
Bacters, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adversaries between the stones.
Because of the intervention, to the ultraviolet light, to the rusty, this area, this button, the glue between the acids, you meet, and if you fit it, microbes will be made and separated from the added.
So, if you drive through the road, you get the added up -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of authority materials.
If we can make this material struggle, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, of that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have little bits of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use for cooking -- an induced machine.
The industry can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes, and the stones will be fixed again to the surface.
Today, I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great induction machine here onstage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
And we tried a lot of samples there, and then the government actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated us a piece of road , 400 meters from the AVCA highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, and we repair them after our induction machine and we repair them and we tried them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy industry to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even can double the life of the surface, , and it really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
You actually have to cool first before you can show you how the repair acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woke up one morning with the sound of the Japanese in my.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
I had a smile in his face that it was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban took from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, that I couldn't be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could both educate.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market bags so that it would look for shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were attached, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her.
A total shock of a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my, went to school, and so her father did it.
But my became a teacher.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not education.
Over the years of Taliban, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house during a.
But there's one that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So do you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the high school, and if my family wouldn't have been so committed to my, , I would be one of them.
Instead, I, I found proud to graduate at MIT College.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my, who was excluded from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He doesn't only take my from my university title, but I also was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I've taken it driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 105, a campaign to educate women.
It's because of what SOLE was, the first, maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in Afghanistan, a country that's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, are advocating for them, despite and still in a of a ,.
As Ahmed . It's not his true name, and I can't show you your face, but Ahmed is the father of one's father.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter would go from from the way from the U.S. to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice, a voice, was warned that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try.
\" Tell me already, if you want ,"he said, he said,``but I wouldn't give the future of my daughter for his old and remarkable ideas . ''
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is, behind most of the most we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often they're the first compelling interactions of their daughters's brilliant future, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school, they count in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promise and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities, and every day, America girls remember me.
Like me, they live in big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, resistance to Gaddafi . struggles against him.
But you never get a Gabbridge style . ''
They've spent almost two years since the brain revolution inspired by the waves of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A force with a lot of other Libya citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the Turkish regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young books were in the forefront, taking the fall of the regime, carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and justice justice.
They've shown a courage to the face of the Darwinian dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a sense of solidarity from the end of the East to west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of approximately 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seeds.
For four decades, Gaddafi's military regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of liberal society.
Consciousness of devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, providing an inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, roughly 300 in Tripperable.
After a 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about developing skills, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women Libya platform by Peace, , a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the socioeconomic autonomy of women and for our right to participate in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, that are model of selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Eventually, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, slowly, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; we every day we find news news.
A day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day, I ended up with the murder of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the Army officers.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continual violations of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, became more polarized, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our history of the``crucial list"and the choices.
I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, made the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creature list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, didn't.
What happened then?
Why do our society continue polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, as much for men like for women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female performance to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage agents and called anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but it also puts the mercy in place of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, described by war, desperately needs the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that tries about the intellect and the alternative between the female perspectives and the male.
That's the real skull.
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it in a socioeconomic way.
According to a version of the Koran``Salaam"-- peace --``is the word of the mercy God, . British . . ''
At the same time, the word``Ray ,"which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``Rayon"-- uterus -- some of the uterus of the female and material, which fits all of humanity that men and women, where all tribes and all the towns have been.
And so, just as the uterus covers the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion numbers all of existence.
And so we're saying,``My mercy would fit all the stuff . ''
So it's said,``My medical mercy on my anger . ''
All of the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unfair question, which has an equally unfair answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is what everybody always does: Why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who would pay it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a of a a woman to tell.
I was 22 . I had just been reading at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York because of my first job as a writer and editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first Green Express card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I believed my twin soul, was, I was standing on my head with a pistol, with a gun . left.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, the love of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look a little survivor of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in the University of Harvard University and I have a MBA in marketing of the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies from the list``Fortune 500 ,"among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burnain and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black leader, and I drive a minority Hong Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions, all levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markets are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration or, said, in another way, in families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, reason why domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was left with a man who sticks it, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my.
I was 22, and in the United States, the women in between 16 and 24, are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls at that age are killed every year by couples, nanotechnology and abusive husbands in the United States . .
I also was a, a know, and I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold and rain night.
I was sitting next to my side on the subway of New York, and started to fold with me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he was also about a undergraduate of a university of the III Lear, and he worked in a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
It had some big molecules like apples, and a wheat robot hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One, one of the smartest things he did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it on the beginning by putting it on a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything about me: that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who put passion in helping teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And it was why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and its brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and hacking the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is isolated.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go out of New York and leave my dreams' work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congress and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was entering a head in a physical, financial, psychological trap, carefully prepared.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is introduced the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And here's where they go into the scene.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where it's supposed to Congress had to feel so safe to bought three guns.
One had it in the car.
Another guy was under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those pictures because of the trauma that he lived from little.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills actually were a hand for me, and I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious, every minute in every day.
The first Chinese physicist attack happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 metals in my had disappeared, I my mother suit and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we lived happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me a lot.
And it was very, very articulate.
It just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I never would get hurt.
I spent twice as much in our honey.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach, and I lost it, and he gave me so strong in my head that I was broken several times against the window of the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, it was algae for traffic and threw a Big Mac cold.
Congress continued to make one or twice a week for the next two and the middle of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only in this situation.
One of every three American women is a domestic victim of domestic violence, or at some point in their life, and the Centers of Control of Disease reported that every year , 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I went back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly crowded man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress confront their devils.
The other question that everybody does is, why doesn't it just go?
Why didn't I? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest, the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence cases happen after the victim has put end to the relationship, after being passed, because the abuse already has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has gone back to, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to address the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend no supermarket time with the man who would glue their mother.
And we still continue to ask why just isn't going?
I was able to leave, because of one last paralyzed sadistic I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if it was allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family members, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypical victims as spectacular headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is your self to stay ,"as if the victims are intellectually we fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Lock Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape, who learned an inevitable lesson of what happened to them, and that removed their lives and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a little, loving man, and we have those three children.
I've got that black lawyer, and also that nerd.
What I won't have ever, ever, is a charged gun pointing to my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, you're thinking,``Hi, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what silly it was, but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that they're being abused, or they were small, or they're abuses themselves.
The abuse could be affecting his daughter, to his sister, to his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It is my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
abuse only only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
You take the balance to light talking about it with your children, your coworkers, your friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow down their climb and show victims a safe output.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I, I, I, I, : is I model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed myself like this . luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on in a TED stage, and so you have a lot of good luck to you, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I appeared, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; less bad I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater on your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while you cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not so much like this.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what you thought about in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer would tell me that I'd scratch the back and it would run the hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for the work, there's very little that we can do to transform our appearance, which, even though it's surprising and unchanging, has a's impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my working sector, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but honestly.
The first question is, how do you become a model?
And I always say,``A catalog discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with a of a high shape, to womanhood and to a white skin.
And that's my ,'s heritage that I've known to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that you say -- wait . There's Naomi, Tier, Joan Silves, Liu Wen.
First of all, I congratulate to know so much about models . It's amazing.
But sadly, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told all of the models in the spring, and from 67 models hired, only 27, only 27, is less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is: can I be a model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know . I.
But then, what really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a corner, northern cartoonist surgeon, which would be impressive, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, Cameron, I, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in a charge of anything, and you could be the head of performance from the American Voice magazine or the executive director of H &'s . Steve.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate them all I learned in 10 as a model, because, unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a job to your back, no no matter what you say, you say, if you say you want to be president from the United States, but your curriculum said,``indoor clothing Model for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos are broken.
And yes, you're practically taking all the photos, but that's just a, but that's just a of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
That's where I was a few months before.
These two photos are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a piece of pajamas a days before the photos for French Vegas.
Here I am with my football team and on the magazine V . .
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creations of a, and they are philanthropists, and they are phones and photographers, and all their help, and all of their help and the people of prisoners and post-docs, and they make this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get things free?
I have too many talents in 20 inches, and I never use, except the couple, but the privilege I get is the one I get in real life, and we don't like to talk to.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was teenagers, I was traveling with my friend who was a very much driver; he jumped a red in red, and of course, we were stopped, and he was, of course, for us, and he was a feeling, and she was a, and he can keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for my, not what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for them no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young people in New York, so it's not a matter of me standing?
It's how many times I'd stop? And when?
By research for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number is lifted at 78 to 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner, and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And that's true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself,``With some thinner legs and the brightest hair, will be happier? ''
They only have to meet a, , because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most than the fashion, but it's probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope that everybody is comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more pictures, and I didn't get that.
There were no artistic directors, no steroids, and no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them brought tourists at random.
My story starts when, I, finding me in New York City to give a sense, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to pull the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Sweden to New York in a parent trip and continue the ritual?
Here's when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied, and, fortunately, nobody has ever been with the camera.
And of course, we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a of a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to reflect over our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we've always taken the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reach new milestones, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, on in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and pointed out a red round of the dolls's shop that I would love a little on earlier visits.
And I described what had felt at age five in that same place.
I said that he remembered his parallel heart to see that place for the first time nine years.
And now what I look in in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York . .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 photos, I don't get in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to show up in the picture, and you don't have to get close to somebody and ask,``Do you take a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Buddhist is in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have such bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter, as characters, silly, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, and laughter, applause and statements, these are the attributes that they associate with Parliament Pantana, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean . parliament don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly moving . They're far away from extinct . And, my, my, are getting better presence . There are two kinds of books on this planet.
There are the New World slums that are mainly found in the Americas, like the conditions and the characters, and the Old World's buses, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the bubbles important? First, they provide vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural trash collectors.
They clean the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . Help to absorb the anthrax that is not because of them would be extended and causing great losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no tickets, , the carcasses take from three to four times to get apart, and this has enormous branching in the spread of disease.
The foundations also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Najmuddin was the symbol of the protector and the maternity, and along with the copper, they symbolizes the unit between the mayor and the Under Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Jack was the god, and he risked his life to save the Chinese goddess of the $10 head.
In Tibetan culture, they do some very important, open skies in places, in places like Tibet, there's no any place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bumps provides a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the free?
We have eight species in Kenya in Kenya, which six are at extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . Pastory communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the business are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of the critical list of extinction of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it's going to be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there's no the bubbles, there's been a spread in the number of dogs in the number of calculating dogs, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rage, and the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 350 CEOs are going to be above the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them for half.
They're birds primates.
In Western Africa, there is a death trade to serve the board and the feedback market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so it will focus on a problem that is locally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about learning the foundations, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? You can become active, . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very supportive creatures, donate their time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you're informed about the foundations, but you talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion, because she saw them fly effortlessly, without energy spending in the skies.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, I read young, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we set up in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, that the Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we did, we did.
Our first project, the one I inspired my first book,``waves of Zambia ,"was a project where some Italian decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zambia river, and we teach the locals to grow Italian tomatoes and heat and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't run . We were amazed that the locals, in so fertile valley, had no agriculture.
Instead, instead of asking them how it was possible that they couldn't grow anything, we just said, we're here.
And of, of course, everything in Africa became beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling us shames,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night, about 200, a hundred appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said,``Oh my God, we shot them! ''
And the smallpox said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought we only were the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the chimps.
You should see waste -- you should see the waste that we gave to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead Aid"by democracy Mono, of Samueling economist.
The book published in 2009.
We, Western donors countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about harm that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Put it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperialization, collaborative missions, and we treat people just two ways: or we sponsoring them, or we're patents.
The two words comes from the Latin root``pattern ,"which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
And, Patricial, I, deals with any different culture as if they were my kids .``I want you so much . ''
sponsor, I deal with all of the different culture as my survivors.
That's why white in Africa are called``whale ,"chief.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schumann, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, let alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respecting.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said, can we -- can you imagine a city that is not neocortical? ''
I decided at 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Facial Company where you never started anything, you've never started anything, but it becomes a local passion service, the system of local people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It's warm.
It's never coming to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give one idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea cannot have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years, I had this idea: Why not us, for once, instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never tell him, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So, planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family family doctor, who's set up with you in your house, in the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a proof in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to away from this confident garbage where we got to.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut up and listened to them ."So -- so the government says,``Tell it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped 40,000 business business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business advisers in history, died at the '96, a years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter DR says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help them, and then they'll come, they will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you've ever applaud this morning?
That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nurture, cure, educate, transport, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
You'll be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine makes many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1960.
And in 1960, this group of people came together, and they speculate what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was together: the New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population is kept growing at this rate, to bring to the population in New York around around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already expanding in dung, so, in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would be the life in New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 100 companies were completely concerned , 100 . One.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few things, scarce, factories in particular places.
Dead, . Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you trustworthiness.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer you a absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell the truth about understanding.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be to do three things magnificent: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no.
This still hasn't born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none was started by one.
Just the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He was not just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars alongside their dedicated shrimp who will do for you, which someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epiphany, somebody who's going to ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange very much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-assembly, templates and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask to borrow more things without calling the door in a?
How do we share more memories of our buildings abandoned and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes more than empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak, which leaves lovers, drunk and dreamer from centuries, and I trust a city.
It always gives the music to the music, there's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with most abandoned properties of America.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this was a profound gratitude for living time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my today.
But I'm sorry to keep this look in my.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch over the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with old help, and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned in a giant blackboard, and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before he died . ''
So the teenagers could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before we die, I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` Before I die I, I I, I, I want to sit down on the line of change . ''
\" Before we die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before we die, I want to plant a tree . ''
Because I want to live outside the Web . ''
\" Before dying I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I want to go to the rescue of someone . ''
\" Before dying I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space gets constructive and the dreams and hopes of people made me laugh at the rooftops, and they broke me up, and they gave me comfort in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's understanding our neighbors in new and scanner, and it's about giving the reflection and the contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express us and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our distribution age, it's more important than ever, to find ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more.
I'm going to think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, , can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce to my siblings.
rowing is 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but it transmits joy better than some of the best speakers.
I know what love is.
It's sharing it unconsciously happens what happens.
It's not advanced . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and look at this: it's never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words of words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It gets the memory more.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my, but I remember the year that each of my iPod songs came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm in my arm during the first episode of the telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't you seem incredible?
But most people don't agree.
And, in fact, because their minds don't fit at the notion of the normal society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and worked my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term``autism"is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
In every individual, it manifests differently, and so it was so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed by a new case of autism, and it's one of the development of development that's faster increases in the world, there's no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new in my.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I scream a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all . at me.
He lived alive and he was reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, and he put the car cars around the room, and he looked at the washing machine and eating anything that was between medium.
As it grew, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the slums, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child that saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my, in my, moments in which I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I, I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that I not want to change by normal.
Now, normally, the beauty happens by the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey it one to Remote and Sam and you, it would be you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift! Each one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it should have been to be Alice in the World's country.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to college students.
I was scared . I was scared, scared from these students with their great minds, their great books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with the students . I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know what we understand about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and our engineers and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just that they study the skills, but they study the skills, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say, Space and temporal, but why not say``space and time"which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible, it's not the same thing to make them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without buying ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways to get together and enthusiastic with their content.
And when you present your job, , forget about``bullet . ''
You've wondered why they call``bullet"? What do bullets do? bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language area of our brain, and it overwhelmed us.
Instead, this film of General Brown's example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the trauma is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate sentence, that the public can understand if it loses a, and, next, providing graphs that appeal to our senses, and believe a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all the media, sick with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the entire Oxford of Oxford is``synmalization . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``synmalization"means``dishonest policy . ''
Although there was a peripheral editor in the 19th century that defined much better when he said,``A selection ,"is what a public charge is looking for no matter, no matter or platform, and that, when I win, you get it through the mere using a retired verbal monumental.
I have no idea what it means``retirement . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's really important that words is the basis in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all this was because of the courage of a guy with the installed name of Brad Crospan, who faced Parliament.
They were killed at the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had the courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase,``this ball . ''
Most of you think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of a freedom of freedom freedom.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I go back to America, just after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
You didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that could be frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it``Washington of State Washington ,"and others,``His Alternal George Washington ,"and other``Defense of the People's Freedom Destroys ,"and other``Destarts of the American People . Washington . ''
Not very attractive.
Some of them just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was quality.
And it wasn't even with it, , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a'.
And it could have served.
Everybody got tired of it, because this debate was tested for three weeks.
I read a poor of a poor sentence, and always written,``Still with this topic . ''
What caused the delays, and the thing was that the House of Representatives was against Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to emerge from power.
They didn't want to call him King for whether he was giving him or his own.
So, they wanted to give the title more modest, more insignificant and more unfortunate than they were.
And that title was``president . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it just meant,``Somebody who's a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much greater than the term``foreman"or``supervision . ''
There were evolutionary presidents of small colonial actuators and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate opened.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreigners . ''
\" And who would be serious with a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as the U.S. president? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't agree.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my, I've been able to figure out, , the Senate has never really reinforced the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, hoping that the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we're going to keep waiting for 120 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave to you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have over 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of unmanned air vehicles and so forth.
Reality and history has brought to the title of the greatness.
So, ultimately won the Senate.
They got their reserve title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the uniqueness of uniqueness, well, it was a singularity of then.
But, you know how many nations you have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy's 5,000 nuclear heads, etc . .
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one's going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave with you.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, reality is changing much more words than the words that these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweaty bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but most of all, that catholic of male countries and stones with primitive tools.
As others, I, I'm wearing a cheap light of dynamic light on the head with this analogy, and I can barely distinguish the branches restaurants that hold the walls of that meter of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the land.
He slipped my hand, and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless meters in that little bit.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I went home from that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years I I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an NGO in the Slogaes, an NGO that is to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not that degree.
When we ended up talking to me very bad, I was honestly ashamed to ignore this about our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
It was made by the stomach, and weeks later, I went to Los Angeles to meet the Drame' director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered my second home.
But this time, the dirty rag.
A conservative calculation says that there are today over 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the treatment of transnational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a' work.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations by 18 dollars defenders.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then find out that they are forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today slavery operates: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it is illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of the Danish.
immersed in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, the entire families wrapped up in a heavy hand of dust stacked mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at a time, and they take them from the oven oven furnaces to trucks.
The monkey and the tiredness work silently, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, or to drink, and severe desertification made it to be pretty impressive.
And so pressure was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to save it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera receives a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces, I wanted to cry, but the abundance that was next to me quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not only for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not that country's citizenship.
I could put them on a situations that they were already.
I had to rely on French Spring and work within the system for its release and trust you to get it.
As soon as me, I waited to get home to feel my heart smashed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks during miles by mountains to the trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plans were heavier than the children who charged them, and the children would hold them into their heads with homemade cards made from sticks, ropes and hardware.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paid because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were recruited their freedom, slaves burned their homes.
By hearing the word slavery, we often think about sexual trafficking, and because of this global awareness, it was hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was accepted women who had previously been sexual slaves.
They drove me by some anti-problem ladder that gave this dirty basement, from fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a.
It was rather a restaurant.
Replacement, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where women' slaves with their girls and children, some of only seven years, are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more and alcohol . .
Every dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomed and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot in the nightmare, I, I remember having felt a acute fear of fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be going on in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no doors.
There were no windows enough to climb.
Those people have no escape, and because we play a topic that is so hard, it's important to to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to with a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families used in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The bottom hands of black are from the father, both blue and red, of their children.
You mix tanks in these big barrels, and you dive the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can come out of this home someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Volta lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we came up, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
The children are separated from their transformative families, disappeared and forced to work outside in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This is eight years old.
When our boat came up, I was shaking; ; it's feared that its little canoe was embedded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches branch of the trees immersed in the Volta lake often attract networks and children, and familiar, and with fear, they drop into the water to break the branches.
Many of them is drowned.
Since remember, it has always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of their love, it's not going to flee, and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it's often treated the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
I was cold at night cold and sales.
And you have to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village.
I met it in a shelter in which I was facing the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who would get because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
It's driving through a road in Ghana with Spring's Spaces, ,' and a analog companion with his suddenly accelerated, and it takes off our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the rainforest.
At the end of the way, I got out of the car, and asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then I pointed out this just visible, and he said,``This is the way, this is the way . Come . ''
As we started to go down, we took the strikes that blocked the way, and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photo team on my head as we drove in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the guy walked abruptly in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in water poisoned with mercury.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a little bit of a piece of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 meters, and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they're going to get the stone to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong and fuzzy men, but, if you look closer, you can see to work at less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this worm ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and from a few years.
This is Manya . when her father died his him to work with him in the mines.
By dying their uncle, Manya inherited the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked on the 14 years, and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be a amputee.
In addition to that, , manufacturing has tuberculosis, and it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream about being released and educated with local activists, like So``Slaves"and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me very respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give witness of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . They are people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think about these so many beautiful, abused people that I've had the great honor to meet.
And I hope that these images wake up a force in those who see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force turns up a fire, and that the fire throws light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematics, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are the management consultant.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They slow down the virtue of the ballet and the rating dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as he does with my friend Jane Strip, who, in his time, was a virus dancing.
In the last few years, it's been a lot of progress.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, hormone weakness, right and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there really is a cure to be when we have an objective and curious metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other movement disorders, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, you never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That's going to save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could be able to do the test themselves?
You wouldn't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Striptic.
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as they make sounds as we speak . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes . Fox, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about the time that it takes a child to learn to talk.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as well as Parkinson's affecting limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
At the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of irregular temperature of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspire after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of these are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
They're both accurate . Okay, but most of the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, you can be automatic.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
We all know what happens.
When something acquired a cost that is so low: it comes on on the massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive resources of low cost for clinical trials and, for the first time, factory cheese.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of the disease before it's too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Next to Abula and Pakistan, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local environmental lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with no Parkinson, can call low price and leave for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples from, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get out of these samples?
Max Littman: Yes, . What happens is, during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the confusion factors to search for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Tasmanian, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the cell phone network as well, which applies the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Now, ninth and nine . Well, it's better.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max literature, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was making photographs in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the large thin models, the perfect skin skin, the more we do the impossible, possible and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hanness Volunaes, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew that we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Office.
It's a little town of fishermen located at almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take rubble out of the channels and the ditches.
We cleaned up schools . We took off the mud, let's leave the houses to be renewed and relaxed.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, support, power of the local factory.
And we got excited, and we loved.
For weeks, volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and pictures of photos and cameras and DNA cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You pick them up and take them to different places from around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those photos represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were in the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a town experiment center.
He helped clean the ordinary bathrooms, huge bars.
This, it turned out to be also the place of the village where the evaporation center picks up the photos.
They took them, and I had the honor that that day trusted me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was looking at my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, and I found some that had more than a hundred years, some of them were still in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trail, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I came into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too busy, but where water had declared the face of the girl, I had to fix with a lot of accuracy and delicate.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as the photo that was structured.
Over time time, they came for the more photos, and they needed more reactors, so it went back in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later, and the age of 12, in 12 countries were offered to help.
At the two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Redwood, a neighboring town in the north of Yamaha.
Once we were using our scanner, we used our scanner in temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the desert of photos.
It could mean an hour . It could be weeks . weeks.
I could make months.
This, this, you had to draw very dramatically by hand using the areas whose color and detail had not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into saltwater, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of them together with the time of the continued time destroying them, so cleaning up by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with light bulb.
We count the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt the photos even further.
As Windows once said, my group's leader is like doing a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes . mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in the photos.
He had started to wipe them himself, but he stopped realizing that the damage even more.
He also had doubled doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we were able to flap the images in a single picture and take the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures, I shared some of his history with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the rubble, and he used to be his home, but his colleagues recognized it.
The tsunami day, his husband was the experimenter of closing the walls to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One was caught in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son served 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could be remembered from the past that he wouldn't have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed . .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined hundreds of them, hundreds of them helped us clean up, over 13,000 photographs, the vast majority -- -- the vast majority returned to hands of their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families hundreds of completely respected and twisted photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in picture for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
One is a memory of someone or something, a, a, , a, ,, ,, ,, , a, ,, a relationship ,.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us, but the first thing we would go back.
This about this was the project, of small pieces of humanity, to return to someone in connection to the past.
When a picture like this becomes somebody, is a huge difference in the life of the person receives.
This also made a huge difference in the life of the reactor.
Some of them connected to some of them with something bigger, to go back, using their talent for something that's not a perfect skin models.
To end up, I'd like to read this email email . I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I picked up, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to the small girl, and they gathered around a baby, I moved around, because a picture, my grandmother, my mother, I and my newborn daughter, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in every few our basic needs is the same, right?
Thank you . applause . Thank you.
Doc Edgars inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a ball that goes through an apple in a single exhibition of only a million second . .
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph: photography, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in light light from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after corners, beyond the line of vision, or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and shut up in a trillion of a second, it's, in many ways, to create a picture package of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a nanometer is what takes in traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't suck this research . a lot of things in this film, and I'm going to get rid of this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a picture package that starts to pass it and, inside, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we start to see these ripples.
A lot of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounce inside.
At that time, the waves travel down the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that reflect to.
Now, if you take a common and a current bullet, and we make the same distance and you see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit at that movie?
One? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie of a slowly in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are taken from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a rock in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, and I thought, of a, at a time, but, of, of, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look again, you'll notice that, as light goes from tomato, it's still bright . It doesn't be wrong.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light light inside it, and it goes back after several trillion of a second.
In the future, when this female is in your cell phones, you'll be able to go to the supermarket and verify if your fruit is mature without having to touch it.
So what did we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if you take a low exhibition, it's very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so just going into some light.
We send that bullet, and that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very narrow synchrony, and we take those data gigabytes and we converted them computational to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those raw data data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future will allow him to see after corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, bounce, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On on the left, it's our grammar.
Behind the wall there is a handle, and we will bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commissions.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our grammar, it has unique skills.
It's got very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point points to what a distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, and we're going to try and analyze the multiple rebolds of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build them to be able to look inside the body in the body by holding out of the body and the same thing for cartoons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this actually is a, so that they start thinking about photography as a start thinking about photography as a new visualization mode to solve the problems of imagination in the next generation.
Just like Doc Edgars, himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of plant photographs.
I realized that all of the pictures of data that we collect is not just for scientific visualization, but we can be.
You can create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves . Remember, time between one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here also, something funny happens.
If you look at the waves below the cap, , and they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's already time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, upload it to Solar and get famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm an 1984, and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protected in search from a change.
This is the 1989 fall . Imagine if all these people gathered that protest for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the speakers have a cell phone here?
Get them out.
Raise your cell phones, leave them!
Get up . An Android, a, a ,.
It's really . Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today I talk about me, my cell phone, and how life changed.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35,000 lines lines.
Rich data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission, I presented a directive.
The data of the Data retention.
This directly says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who's called an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years in its phone company or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this retention of data.
We want self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want phone phones and Internet providers stored all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out of the streets in Berlin, and they said,``Freedom, not fear . ''
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Whenever I use the cell phone?
So I asked my phone, Desert Telescope, who was the largest phone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to them, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah ,.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're promoting my life . ''
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Desert Tele-Actor said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand, and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed incorporation for German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD.
And in the CD there's this.
Triplet and five thousand acres of information lines.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom in and get away, and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from France in the train to colony, and how often I call the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends, and they call each other.
And then you call the other one, and the other one, and we end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, to sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who participated in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in consequence, neither of the Christ Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home, tell their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not happening.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your cell phones that you would serve you to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Mashin Zailing, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, spending the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so it's all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I . I'm like a mixture of Shakespeare . Shakespeare.
and Muhammad Ali.
The C. . C.: is not genetic.
It's not cognitive, it can't contract.
No one's growing the uterus of my mother and not the contrast because my parents were brothers, though they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've been willing to be disabled.
We go from a ride.
Christmas views, they're in the mall, they're driving in circles for parking parking, and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the C. C. .
There's a surge of the oppression, I won the gold medal.
I'm Palestine, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey . .
If you don't feel better, , you might have to do it.
I'm from Park Cliff, New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can [cannon]; dance . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all of the maximum notes all of us, we all got the sneakers of my.
My father taught me to walk at age five, putting my heel on their feet and just walking.
Another tactics I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that I was chasing.
The strategy that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten garden, as a vote champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think appropriate to use``hate Muslims"as a campaign motto.
The people I grew had no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the Ramadan.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three, without eating, , so that I'll help dawn from dawn to it is very easy.
So, dance about Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . my . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, and I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation often, my father was trying to heal me, so I drink milk milk, they put me hot cups on the back, and I remember in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before doing yoga, it was a stand-up comedian that couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold in the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I went into all the quota.
It was like the pet lamp of the theater department.
They all love me.
And I made all the tasks of the least intelligent, , I, I took out the maximum note in my, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers cried.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called David very slowly in Jackson.
It's a work with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at the age of four winds,``Well, I'll have a paper!
I have cerebral palsy!
At the bottom ,!
Thanks to God all-powerful, I am free! ''
I didn't get the paper . Sarah Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why, and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, you cannot the character either . ''
It was a role for which I literally had born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disabilities for disabled roles.
By graduate, I came home, and my first act tour was like extra in a telescope.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be accepted from``sympathetic"to``better crazy friend"in a tune.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, , and I wasn't seen more than the question, and it was obvious to me that the report directors didn't hire additional attitudes, not white, disabled.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg, Rosanka Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I was humor.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell in the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey Highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never heard that little nasty rumor that says women aren't fun, and they find very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York, now in her 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in media, and at the same time remind them to report directors that South and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in in 2010.
I was kind of invited to the cable news program behind Keith Olive . .
I walked into a graduate dance, and I was dragged into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live!
So I was clinging to the desk of the presentation to not come out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end I had my opportunity and disappointment . I knew they didn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Oronifice went back to me, but it was a full-time participant, and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Olive was that people on the Internet are scum.
Children are told that kids are cruel, but they never broke away from me or a child or a child.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object.
I look at online clips with comments like,``Why do you threaten? ''
\" Is it faced? ''
And my favorite,``Poor bad.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for her . . ''
A comment suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum: script, ,, paralyze ,.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair, you can't do Beangale, then Beozaea can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clap, man . Come.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most represented in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, perhaps, that would promote less on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My therapist has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the Red carpet carpet by the decline of the Susan Line telescopes, and the classic Lorraine bush.
I got to act on in a film with Adam Sandia and work with my grief, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I took the world by starting``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was devastated in a big state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Massachus ,"a charity charity to give children Palestinian refugees a fraction of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and I devote this talk to her.
disappointment in peace . Dad.
It's called me Mashin Zailing, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
He lives in a little town south of Somalia.
This is near Mogadishu.
drought to the small village to poverty and the edge of the time.
Without anything to him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no, and there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozama.
After maybe a year of a crash, nothing.
One is about a gentleman who offers him to take him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
You know a know a dynamic group of people who give him a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to your family.
They present a young man.
It finally gets home.
A new life begins.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a of a blue sky, a car bomb.
That child of that little village with great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Sabbath, a' organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a's kid trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him getting it up?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start its future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing I got.
This was the first thing I took out of what we call the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of the marginalized, urban young urban young urban youth that triggers riots in Johannesburg, they have riots in London, they're looking for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the``waiting period ,"the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, to be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my city of birth, Modern , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't really do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that horrific hospital, thinking, and if I would never have gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period? ''
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a corporate summit.
He gathered about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a way.
In Mogadishu, the largest hurdle to get from point A of the streets.
Viewers years, civil war years have completely destroyed the viable system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You see an opportunity and the approved.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started by applying motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10, with the help of your family and friends, and your dream is at some point at a hundred engines for the next three years.
Why is this different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I believe that corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``waiting period . ''
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohammed, a.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flute that Mogadishu has seen in over 22, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used to be plastic from the foreign.
If you asked someone, ,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a flower landscape and a flower design.
He created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and he started growing tuberculosis and dinosaurs, who said, could survive the hard climate in Mogadishu.
And it began the delivery of flowers for wedding, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working in creating the first public park in Mogadishu in 22.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about beginning a.
They had thought about working for an NGO, to work for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be artists of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They gave business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to to guide them in the development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, send them up the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
The business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
The Peace Park, this is it, when it's created, it transforms the way people see their city.
They're able to hire children from the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape for``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people into entrepreneurs, and they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks parks than subjective and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to play with my dad in the Morning Mountains, an assault area north of New York City . .
It was a day.
The Centella forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a virtual, and not the way for the path we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed in a recipe in a very beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, about four square meters with apple hearts, could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to open up old aluminum balls.
And I was announced, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The names that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their garbage?
That question followed with me, and it was a little simplified.
Who clean our garbage?
No matter as an organization or where you put the``ours ,"who clean our garbage in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the clean healthcare Department of our trash, right from 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his journey and interviewed people in offices and facility in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash player.
Now I'm not just traveling in trucks . I drive them.
And he operated the mechanical scores and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
All questions about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're very quickly.
It costs a lot to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies would continue to adjust to the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Arab Statistics Office, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation occupation, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and in traffic all day, and you move around.
They just want to spend, so in general the driver's not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the implantation of garbage.
When you go out of the city and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that the waste collecting is the most important labor in the city streets, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protectors.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective ways every day, and it starts to get rid of their containers and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and forth and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new, so the motors of the economy start failing when they're in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing out its relationship.
And then it's what I call our daily average speed.
And with that, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, clean or take with us our coffee cup, our handbags, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them down, we forgot about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that's going to be achieved.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I, is almost lithium.
They're in the street every day, rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And his job allows us to do our.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, , our waste, and that flow will always stay in a way or another.
A day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the height of a waste review truck in the street, grabbed my little son and down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled journey as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank you to do their job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be good . We're going to be.
Let's go to it . ''
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the waste collection, and I went back to this man.
It's called Paul, and we worked together, and we made good friends.
I want to believe Paul was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to rediscover the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include, and to count all costs, even the very real human cost in the labor.
Music waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your day and your lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to to you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally of conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, and one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a one in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go running . ''
After looking at some of these buildings, there are many in the city, and we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a of energy because of the crystals with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen, because it's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, their appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia . .
It's a shame trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captive with the old market, which is this in the open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a building, some stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a very much growth area in the city, where much of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of hundred meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing together all the inputs of the building.
And this spreads with an inclusive atrium that creates a free air space in the building that is strengthening, for its way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how to close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a tissue that was similar to a horrific concrete shell to allow the input of the air, and also of light, but in a leaked way.
We then inspired these beautiful buttons from the dresses of the Ethiopian.
They have fractal geometry properties, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little preconceived pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a way controlled way inside of the building.
And this is completely composed with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It's not what we asked . ''
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the one in the mall, because at the end, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer needed to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a City, where electricity was cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these patches on on the roof, that together collect water for the health of the interior.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a big project, the biggest I ever designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the measure, a structure, a, a thousand years old, which was surrounded by a wall with dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks similar to size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines, and this made the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, , the small cell cell, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme to make sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea from the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reinventing the community, the space occupied by construction.
That's where all the neighbors, you can go up and socializing, and make activities such as a two miles per morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change communities and local economies at the same pace as building.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of very bright hair and a little bit of limitation, cute . It was strong for the capitals of the states, very good for artist.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sound plan.
One was left to me after the school out of school . It was a little late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was distracted, I went out in the classroom, I took my teacher's table, the book of ratings.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my, just a little bit, just some of them . .
All of the ones, and I got to return the book to the crate, , but to see, some of my other fellows had very good notes too.
So in a frenzy, it ran the notes around the world without any imagination.
I put all of them out of God row and myself a row of this, just there, because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all disconnected.
They never discovered.
But especially, I, I get rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for article.
I'm intrigued.
They're so mysterious and so pervasive.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates . The tiles are very prone.
We know that cells are the number one cause of supercomputers in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab where the jealousy is studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no, I would have had no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the hell, and there would be no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous, or``The 1,000 and a night . ''
There would be Shakespeare.
They disappeared the reading lists of high school reading, because we would be losing``The noise and the Force ,"wouldn't be``Gater"and``Feed ."We would lose us from``Madame Bomanza"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no protein . I to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost it has all of them.
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece,``In search time lost ,"the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy, and also of ordinary competitiveness, mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the feeling details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep . dream . sleep . dream . sleep.
We think about a humblis magnetic in the washing.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forgot how relentless it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wood said were as hard as cat cold.
I don't know what the cat is, but we assume it's supposed to be super.
Let's see why they go so well, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proust.
It's going to be very obvious as the jealousy, which boils to the person, to their wish, to their impediments, are a good natural basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
And by the same time, storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to raise the knife, right?
The jealousy makes us all of the amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And he starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Swander detects in his lover, he adds to his collection of turbulence instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Proust's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the jealousy?
The jealousy is about information.
The cells use the details.
The jealousy like the large amounts of bright hair and the nice and little little bit of pencils.
The jealousy is born from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . Okay, so that proper language is fine with the jealousy.
When Sweden is in his jealousy, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the survivors of his lover, so he's defending those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to demonstrate that the jealousy can look intractable and make us seem absurd, but, in their mind, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what the process is, the more the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: These were the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, , causes us a range of feelings much deeper and more vital than a wise man who can be interested . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the jealousy reveals ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our awful ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity?
Freud would write over this later.
A day, Freud was visited by a very clever young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman would deceive it.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or accidentally, it's broken with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the concern of his wife's unconscious.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity but unprecedented.
In fact, the more we interestingly jealous we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think the jealousy will lead us to violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at age eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of 52 of the age of 52 was captured to have created a fake account on Facebook from which it was sent out, horrible to himself, for a year.
For a year . Every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this, he reacted with admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, even, creativity . Right?
It's like a novel.
It's like a New York novel novel.
High is one of my.
She's a very strange, brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The Talena Mr. Ripple ,"books that are treating how the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Ripple, his most famous character.
Tom River's going to want or want to want what you're going to take away from you will be, and you're under the floor, and it's under the floor, and it takes your name, it takes your rings, you cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Island's route.
I can't give you all the way to the world, both as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not secure, when they're in a ,.
So let's go to Baker Street's 2214, and we ask Shakespeare Hollywood.
When people think of Homerans, I think about the curse in the marketing Professor at Professor Morality, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] Lester, the head of Scottish Yarotthelax, who needs Homerans desperately, needs Hollywood genius, but it's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
It needs its help, but the residents, and the business, the bitterness in the each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six National Advent ,"once Homer comes in, the discovery of everyone with their solution, Lee goes back to Homer, and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no a person at School Yared who wouldn't want to hold her hands.
It's one of the few times we see holes in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesotho.
The next minute they are the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question of where are we allowed to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like congestion plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to communicate.
It's just the chemical fiction.
The fiction used to be the dominant, it invites them to the table.
And look at what's clustering: the sweet sweet, , the lander Tom Ripple, California, the same Marcel Proton.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11 and declined on on the Transition Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the Moon surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of peace in America history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and agencies of government.
People died, including Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo finance program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on its surface, from which Albertan after Armstrong death last year, is the oldest.
So why were you?
They didn't bring a lot of back : 381 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 emphasize later, a new sense of the smallest and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But Kennedy's own words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why can we turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would fly over the Atlantic?
Why is Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pontant: To the contemporary, the Apollo was not just a victory from the West on the East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context in a context.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the pollination was eradicated and removed the smallpox.
Technology seemed to happen what Alvin tofu in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew crew 10 / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the global population seem to be intractable.
I remember looking at Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me not to look at the escape tube called Saturn V.
I knew vividly that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I was going to see colonies on Mars.
So that``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have distracted us, and they had been enriched with trivial toys, like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you've created less ambitious companies than the years where Intel is funded, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused that the creation of transformative ideas is changed by increasing problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their liquid point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments, minimal investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Chris . They always have problems to invest in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital, and whose development is long-term . They haven't invested in developing technologies, they haven't been able to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan . NASA.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on on in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomechanics -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind wind, and oil is cheaper than biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy, : mostly, a increase to research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we'll see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that looked technological, they're not.
We know for a while that famines are results from failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that dramatically affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food support, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems, sometimes, make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some perfectly resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem; institutions should support the solution; it should really treat a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, to solve those criteria.
But it's an unpredictable model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no competing competition like the Cold War, there's no a politician like John Kennedy who has the hard thing and the dangerous, and there's no popular science mythology like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the future solutions will be harder to get.
God knows we don't miss challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you with the generalized ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think it's three . I.
The first is one: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is an objective: we should have more confidence.
And third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the key, the goal and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a trailer, an objective and a task, which I think gives a clearer idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think the trust have decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I would encourage myself to think that it can have fallen in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were being discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they're still quite reliable: judges ,.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly exactly at half.
But is this evidence enough?
What the record opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians? Do you trust teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You'd probably start to say,``What? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but in others not . ''
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, official, or kind of person, is going to be a uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the lessons class, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good judgment in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm going to pursue.
I would find out to have more trust in what is trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who put their savings to the very rarely named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I, I, , and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Definitely depressed or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, you say, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about doing a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are? Is it honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competing on in the relevant matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends to be competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like that, I haven't yet noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before it trust.
The trust is the answer.
Conference is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials, and so on, that they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
It doesn't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes longer to do the administrative paper than I'll be able to do the childbirth . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that's destined to ensure trustworthiness and evidence testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they're doing is difficulty the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, demanding that``mark the boxes ,"as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we would transmit people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, which is not properly.
Third, task.
It's going to call the task rebuild trust, put things back into the other.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because they give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give you enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you cannot deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But also, you have to bring phenomenal evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, it makes the ordinary people, and the officials, , institutions, effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can give them back with no explanation.
I'll take you, and give me the money, or I'm changed by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust on what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not a very hard thing to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginnings of computers, we've come to be striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be discovered.
So this separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First, I created this tool that's inside digital space, so that when the strong oppressed against the screen transfer its physical body to pixels.
Designers can matter their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft applied from Microsoft, with my My mentor Captain Boltzmann, he took the computer and transformed a little space on on in the keyboard in a digital area of work.
It's combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and face, and now you can raise your keyboard hands, get inside of 3D space, and grab your pixel directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can take the book out and cut lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we go into the digital world.
What if we invest the roles and we make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and devoted things by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test test.
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rahm Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
By simplification, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement by a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical access and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back back and forth forever in the physical world.
You can teach physical and distance choreography and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information won't only show us something, but it will start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungary, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a athletes for athletes with all expenses.
But my tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After the Cultural Revolution, they created firmly that there was only a cut path to happiness: a' work and well-being.
No matter whether the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the charities, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And so far, I wrote the director of the school and the present of a radio program.
But no adults was able to get the idea.
No adult took me serious.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, no authority, like me.
So, at age 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream never got done.
Tomorrow, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to look for another voice.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to books.
[" Completely"of South [`` Companies"of Somalia -- aka El Channel) [`` The Leaders of History"] I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"is the Chinese nuclear life.
And it's not convenient . I understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Honor to your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
And so it became my tool to come out of this configuration of conference and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave my habit reading habit.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning of this, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never happened, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
So there are research fields as a comparative religion and a comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers academics a understanding of a understanding.
And I thought, if the comparative reading worked to research, to investigate, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people [`` Benjamin Franklin"by Walter Isaac] who were involved in a same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, temptation are economic, political and spiritual.
For Buddha, they are all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
[" The California Ted path") Thomas Watson) Instead of losing me in the translation, I found that you can win a of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . quick joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother ."literally.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I won't feel lonely or powerless.
Having a broken dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Your most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a devastating dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my in my 20s, I saw my first psychopathic client.
I was a PhD student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a hole hole, he threw in the couch of my, and he took out the shoes, and he said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client.
And I got a fan that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy only to move the head as we removed the solution.
\" The tree are the new ,"Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, it's home later, you have kids later, until death happens later.
For veterans like Alex and I had a time of mine.
But shortly later, my presented me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I did.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys underneath your category, you get charged with a hollow head, but it's not like you're going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it's married the next.
Also, the best moment to work on Alex marriage is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the Alex 20 a pause in their development.
This made the 20 in Alex, the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and its love life, but for the careers, the families and the future of all sides.
There are 50 million volunteers in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without passing before the 1920s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s . .
I want to see the perpetrators here.
Oh, yeah! Be incredible.
If you work with landfill, you love a landfill, you take your dream out of a Friday, I want to see . It's okay . It's amazing, the real matter.
This is not just my view . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments``Aha ,"which shapes your life will have gone for when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they're not in panic.
This is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how many money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and it is reproduced for adulthood, which means that if there's something they want to change from themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their own at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 is the moment to to educate over their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development, and our 20s is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the perpetrators are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists were taking ridiculous names to the vessels like``Twitter"and``cycles . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivia, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a seal in your head and you say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing else.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart, interesting, interesting, like you or your children and daughters come to my, and they say something like this,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me . I'm just killing . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says as it starts a race before 30, it will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are to finish, and I still have nothing to show . I.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs . ''
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music turned out, and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the perpetrators here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s, there's an enormous pressure to the trains and so many of start a, and so many of start a, and so many of a city, pick a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much harder and stressful to do everything once at the age of 30.
The crisis of the modern age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the race you want now.
He tells you that you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of groups and corners see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the perpetrators are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in their own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on in art or entertainment, but he couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a missile.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more technologically than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she got himself up to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new bookstore, and I had spent every morning filling it with its many contacts, but then it was looking at the empty space that goes on after the words``In Empire, please call me...''
I was at the point of history when I saw and said,``Who's going to be to me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me? ''
At that time, I got a lot of job resist and not to say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that every single thing, man or woman, deserve to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and get capital of identity.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not getting rid of the winning exploration, I'm disciplined the exploration that I shouldn't say, , that, by the way, is not exploration.
It's processing.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I said to Emma that urban tribes are super-sealed.
The best friends are great to take you to the airport, but the perpetrators that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in the way you know, what you know, how you think, how you talk, and where you work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's coming out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vessels have a job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the shape of the school.
Half of the working jobs never published, then you know the head of your neighbor's neighbor is the way you get a job.
It's not cheating . It's how information happens.
Finally, not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as a fan, Emma will soon choose his family, when he's got a partner and he forms his own family.
I told Emma the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better to sit than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person you live with now, or you get care now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means to be so intentional in love as you are in work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just to make it work or kill time with whoever you choose to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate for a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped get a job there.
That working supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living.
Now, five years later, it's special organizing of events in museums.
This with a man who was consciously chosen.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said,``Now, emergency spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with.
It's very easy to help them.
The perpetrators are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which comes out somewhere from the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji . .
Likewise, at 21 or at 25 to 25, a good conversation, a good consensus, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
So here's my idea is worthy of spreading all the perpetrators you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling viewers as Emma every day: Trips are not the new 20, they collect their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They don't leave for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in a management consultant for a job that was even more demanding: the dozen . Doctor .].
I went to teach them mathematics to secondary students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I got tasks.
When work went back, it calculated the ratings.
What struck me was that I.Q . wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no IQ scores, strategic.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, ,, ,' area . Parking.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the C., but what if to succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn quickly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my was, who makes success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what each of them are going to stay in military training and who would take away.
We went to the Delusion National Security, and we tried to predict what kids are going to advance the most possible possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of the learning of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, , what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, it came up with a characteristics of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q . .
It was the determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, after day, not only the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality.
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questions, and then wait about more than a year to see those who graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, , even when I made them in every feature that I could measure, and the results of the family income, and the security of the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Department of Defense in which it matters determination . It's also in school, especially for kids at risk to leaving it.
The most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't still go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, determination commonly isn't related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford Cheetor, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dake has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more prone to perseverance when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finished my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if you've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a gecko's daughter, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing beauty, shape and Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for an foreigners, it seems to be as impressive as the Great Wall.
In the last few years, I I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that what you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new, rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw every one of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a physical way,``August! I, I're burning!"This is actually original in the form of call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The Moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, , that is``follow . ''
As the old adage says, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner, such as Joshua inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it gets very hot.
Three fire together, that are a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flash.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow tomorrow after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a table inside the door, is the brain.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there somebody at home?
This, this person is coming out from a door, escape, evaluating.
On on the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, keep care of adult.
So we've gone through about 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radiologists will allow you to build 32.
The next eight characters group building another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is this in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese emperor destroyed their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become going out.
A mouth that tells you where coming out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me I should stop talking and down from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children -- when my daughter was four, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Linux, of.
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex show of childhood fantasy.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple of years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonists, and a, a metal kid, and a who rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guard.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of great differences between the Wizard's magician and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
Monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I, I think, if the Wizard of Oz was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you are the Oz salvation as the prophecy . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army of evil.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Oz's magician is that the most heroic, wise, even values are women.
I started noticing this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that moment, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of supervision had gone down . So, it was sliding in the room and it was impressed as a mom leg with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but, incidentally, absorbed everything.
I wonder what perceived.
Would it be value issues, perseverance and loyalty?
Do you have the sense that Luke is one to an army for the government?
Let's compare this to 1939's magician in 1939.
How do Dorothy win his movie?
By doing good ants with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of the kind of world I want my kids to grow Oz, OK? And not a world to fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force F, it forces the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Lewis princess doesn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults that is blended . I, I, I, I think, at the moment of the first kiss, , I really expected that credit credit, because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
films are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are many exceptions, and defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Hermer and Katheris, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to continue to appear in classical after classical, every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who raised a child.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out valuable.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when brave was coming out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these films happens the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's not roots yet, and it's already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement today.
Alisa Belk is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation I had with a friend of the evaluation of films that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions you have to do: In the movie, is there more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else out of the child than so much? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movies that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argentua.
Right? Rushmarks of Oscar, tacklexic success, a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood movie.
It's practically not the proof of Beck.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great moment for one of the attitudes to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we have recently chosen for Congress, then it's right.
But there's a larger number that is going to this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think films for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something like that, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual farmers.
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you applying the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we hope that it helps, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new family definition.
The definition of masculinity is changing radically.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role that it's taking care of the home and rejection.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from Star Wars know what he responded?
Obellow.
mandatory Kenyan and Goliath.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that they know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my, and I like that kind of stories for my.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is telling my son: Go and fight just and more stories where you see that your job is to, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I'm used to look for them.
I began to see forms and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archeology.
And finally when I started studying algebra, I realized that I'll see with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to about 1,300 miles of length to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of landscapes caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called It Milo, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Feynman, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that It was located in some place near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous relief.
So this area is enormous, roughly six for 300 miles.
Before, the Nile right next to It, and as it changed over time, it went to the east and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
And trying to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA data data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile.
But you can see more carefully, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of IQ.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see here.
When I say show, it's like the ice sample shots, but instead of climate change layers, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters below a layer, we found a dense layer of certification objects.
This means that in this possible location of It, five meters below, we have a layer of occupation of several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Etz.
We also find peak jobs, copper, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry.
This may seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the middle of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Either here, but we will go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, and it probably was written in It in 3,000 years ago.
The knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on on land.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984.
You make ideas happen really started in 1984.
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, versus the door of it.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now you visualize a group of obese soldiers in bikes.
They're competing in a biodegradent race, and they're going to address their gate door.
I need you to see this really.
They're struggling, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying across all parts, wheels that go on next, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
On the lobby, on the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and you see the quality of the light, the light shines on the Galapagos.
You're waving them with your hand.
it's from his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue pen by making you tickling in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats and you're about to get in the mouth.
They go on one, and they go into their living room.
In the room, and using maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Git Man On Mountain Time . ''
Now look at the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a walk, and from the oven, they come to you Dork, the Man of the Hall, the Sprandrow and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"walked out of hands, jumping out to you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that's taken every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, , I, , I, , I, , waiting, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of dozens and tens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize much more quickly the order of a ship deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people should be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This, it's a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when did you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed replied,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition says they have normal memory.
\" We've trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented about 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful, brilliant English, even though a little bit exciting, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a living ship deck, national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
So, you have to start for something? ''
And that was the start of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not only training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.T.
He's anti-material, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see to what extent our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pepsi . He was based on Justin Hoffman's paper,``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized telephone books; ;; ; it was clean.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One, one of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not as rare as it can seem today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They have been culturally changed, and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One, one of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and grown, is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College in London invited a group of memory champions, to the lab.
You want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or amazingly different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually, no.
And yet, a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects to compare them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and snowflakes, found that in memory champions, they would be part of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memorizing is driven as an armed race where each year comes up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put in the day.
This is my Prize Ben Prize, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, , in front of him, there are 36 sheets of desert vessels that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only mastery.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 454 digits random binary.
In half an hour ,.
And as there's a way of a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all techniques used at the end are a single concept that psychologists call``clarity coding . ''
It's illustrated with an elegant paradox known as the``Barack"`` Barack"says the next thing: I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you,``Remember that there is a man called Baker . ''
That's his peak.
And then I asked them,``Remember that there is a gap.
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word I told you doing a while? ''
\" Remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their work is``bathroom . ''
Same word, different capacity of memory -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, name Baker, it actually doesn't mean anything for you . No has no relationship for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word,``bathroom"-- we know baker.
They use significant white hats.
You have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they go home.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting partnerships in order to catch them easily at some point.
One is the most elaborate techniques to do this about 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as the palazzo of memory.
The story says like this: there was a poet called Simulations that attended a banker.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a DJ, you hired a poet.
He stood up, he picks up his memory poem, and he was marching, and so soon it was, the stick room collapsed.
killing them all.
But it didn't only kill them all, but it took the bodies by letting them unrecognizable.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarity, standing outside, , only survivor, closed the eyes and realized that with your mind's eyes, I could see where every invited was sitting.
I took the hands of the hand leading them to where their loved ones were among the rubble.
What Similation warned at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or words of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to remember the first 10 of the story that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to be very difficult to do.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on on on on on the brown standing horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with your mind of your mind and fold it from images with the things that you want to remember, and the more crazy, discovery, funny, scary, stage, the image, more unforgettable.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited on the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to make memory, in the same way that you would have done it, if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're on the door of your house.
And to make some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy, unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely invisible competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Ministry of Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that reminded you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth topic of talking about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is like Roman speakers memorized their speeches, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but, typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek``topics ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about hearing and rhetoric with these kind of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palazzo.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got full of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something outside this subculture of competitive memorized.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a potentially boring event.
Seriously, it's like a lot of people sitting down taking tests . I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to write about something.
I know that there are incredible things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in your place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school ring bought in a computer market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually trying to do is improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, complexity, provocative, invisible, insulting, absolute, incredible, exciting, incredibly healthy eyes, in the eye.
I was pretty hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears, and some confident glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory company.
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of perfect journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve a good bang for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to be able to build your memory ratings or memorize barriers, to benefit with a little bit of perseverance about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of a deep processing, that most of them are not in a whole way to exercise around.
But the reality is that there are no.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave to you today, it's what I, , that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence by being lost in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so thin that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible meaning capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers to remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to address just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from R Jersey, I, I six years, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lincolnisha, and this was my.
On the corner, from my bedroom, was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there all passed the time looking at the telly . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me . And every time I was shower and I wrapped on a towel, they all looked at me.
And I was.
It was awkward, and I hated it.
I hated that tour, , hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, , but from those visceral, emotional connections, but those violence, emotional connections, we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're wrong: you think of``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a despair that uses architects to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because I build things that's terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
People who build . planners and governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Living that's finished in 2004, in my, and, you know, has a drive; ;;, it has this reduction, , columns, red brick, that let's come into the communicating with this building, children, , property values, history.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library ended up, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the principle of the pendulum.
On one is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new typology, and new solutions for the forms of current life.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we are completely moving away from people.
All of black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and then connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like tracks, so we start experimenting again; we make the pendulum back back to the back, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It's got to the concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows, desertified scale.
Something really hard.
So we zoom in at 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that they like and we update them.
We add together and we added sticks and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Charlie guns and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be castle medieval castle.
shapes, they won in audacity and they won.
The monkeys became columns.
The hundreds grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved into the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
possibly with a bread palm symphony.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories of other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum back in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called deforestation.
We take the historical symbols; we now have new computer design techniques, and we find ourselves new compositions -- a few ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super unpopular; you're completely excluded.
Normally, the piece of the world's beat.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry . .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, and public and public in general, they were completely agreed about a.
The New York Times newspaper led this miraculous building.
tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los angels, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media sank around them and quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
Same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This, this phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects.
I went to Zaha and the Libeskind, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going through the entire architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology sped up . You can see in the newspapers, on the television, and at the end, we all are an architecture photographer, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
The architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before we know whether the one I designed four years ago was success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
British was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this, because we had no idea how much they did.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it is the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media, it starts to grow faster and faster, until you're in both extremes, almost in symmetry, and it's effectively destroyed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, and you, , the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll teach you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that went on.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island in New York State.
It's a.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a media building, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those leadership librarians.
If that building is built today, and we first went to the Internet for``new new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Municipants that can lead to the mayor of Living, to people in Living, and tell you that there is no unique answers to what a can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no a anymore who doesn't accept something I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't leave for architecture.
That means that the paleotic pendulum from one to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the architecture history, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of survival can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick, based on in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sport or for yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River in New York, and it's going to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's not a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pain, as much as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who built our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're no longer on opposite.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give way to the smallest spaces: local libraries, homes where we form our children, and the step from the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my, Steve.
He just came out a year and she started walking.
And it does it in that very cool way, typical of the children in a year, shaking, as your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and Hill, and he gives himself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think,``When stop doing this? ''
How is it that we suddenly aren't comfortable with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look for Google,``Am I am ugly? ''
This is fax , 13 years old and live in Denver.
And as any teenager, it only wants to be and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, although your mom tells you all the time it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Among what your mom tells you and what your friends, or your school fellow, you don't know who to believe.
So a video of it, I published it on on YouTube, and it asks others who please leave a comment, and I'm a, or am I ugly?
Well, until now, , Fayza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal, current teenager, which receives these answers in one of their most vulnerable life stages emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's driving them to do this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, , chatting, giving,``I like ,"commenting, sharing, publishing, this never ends up.
We've never been so connected before, continuously, instant, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's simply no a privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are relentless.
This, to be always connected, is opening our children to strength based on the number of``I like"and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no divide between a living in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it is, or what is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most heartbreaking in someone in the life of someone in front of what's normal in a?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are from the news's news.
Zero models continue to dominate our passports.
The technical technique is now a routine.
And trends like: the transcripts, #hypothesis, bio-up.
For those of you who don't know it, it does mean propaganda.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compared to.
But kids aren't immune to this.
Like those of the superheroes stars of the sport, and the singers share.
But what's the problem with all of this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be individuals well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, and the development of their physical capacities, and their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see pretty enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributes to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One, one of five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the exams of exams, if you don't think you see good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a less note to the average of your peers who don't worry about it about appearance.
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland, United States and China.
And it's regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, for sure, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem over his body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
The teenagers with low self-esteem make less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diets than they can take them to food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greatest risk of depression.
And we think that it's all about what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and non-specific damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they're overweight, irrespective of whether or not they have higher risk rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way you see . You see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what's that opportunity?
liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, alone, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is most of these doesn't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, would make the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only having a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on in six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell us with the contribution of our politicians or the size of the size of the size of the size of the signals or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people by what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments, and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be those who go out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never to be who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who's in mind?
To your wife?
Your sister?
Your daughter?
Is your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was liberated from that automated voice inside, that he was excited about not having long legs, more thin muscles, a more flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were able to know this, and would we say, well, it's going to be able to go to your potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all.
But teach our kids the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we're working together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small survivors of a year of today's age of age become agents of safe change themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a named Silo November entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Margaret Kahn, the leader of the League of Defense Jewish.
So they initially declared it innocent, but being printed by other minor charges, in other parts of others, started planning attacks at about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later, Novocure would be driven by his participation in that approach.
Elizabeth November is my.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a, American mother, primary school teacher, between two did the whole possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all of human groups, there's always a small fraction of people who are so addicted to their convictions that think you have to use every possible media so they all live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last weekends, he and some friends had been going on to play training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Caltech of Caltering, which, without knowing our group, was survived by the FBI.
When I played my father, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder, and he explained how to aim about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet, I gave the little orange light on the goal, and, for all of us, especially, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle went back to others, and in Arabic, he said,``Don open . ''
From such a parent, such a son.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they found so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a charge on 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``member ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times, and that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone already, it was time to fit and go to another city.
Because I was always the face of the new class of the class often was a victim of math.
I was secret my identity to avoid being white . But it will be the new of the class, silence and record, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time was spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently . For growing up, it wasn't prepared for the real world.
They were educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One, one of the first experiences that they tested to, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prevalence program that I was involved in at the Youth National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youthful violence, as I had been victim victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One, towards the end of the convention, I found that one of the kids who we had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and frankly, I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe that I was angry.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a park park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in my character's development.
All of life was taught that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all gay homosexual were bad influence.
By chance, I, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been harassed as a child, , I a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat friendly people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how it's being gay, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the David Show.
All night, , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that people race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patented figure at a moment where I was desperately telling me.
In times, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with international dogma and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hate inside.
My real name is not Zach Errvil . .
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who's trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, and I would understand that even though I was convicted to this violent and intrinsic ideology, I, I didn't get a fan.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the terrorism victims, I'm going to talk about, against those meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm showing you here as proof that violence is not inherent or race, that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much . Thank you.
At this point there is a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multitasking movie.
It's on in 3D, and it's substitutional of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a short, and you have taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It's got memories, as moments of your childhood that you project into your eyes.
And it constantly has a voice in your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in direct.
This is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have any certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live . consciousness.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why aren't we just robots that we've got to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because during almost all the 20th century, I, that vision.
psychology studied objectively, neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, it all began to change.
Neuroscience like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said,``Now it's time for science to address consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something like this in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi introduced a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain about consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do, and what they're correlated to.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I didn't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like emails, like hurricans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical segments are all of the emerging behaviors, how the emails operate, how hurricanes work, how hurricanes they reproduce, adapt and metabolize the living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behaviors is accompanied from a?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of self-assembly that works . For a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We get used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it is a fact that we are conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that are going to seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today . has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors, and so you study everything you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I, I'm in a different direction.
In time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the law of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing else.
Instead, you consider fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental goes.
In the 19th century Maxwell, I discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental events, space, , time, , mass of Newton, and then put the basic laws of the basic law of the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws governs.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load, then by a matter of logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to boost consciousness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it is not the science.
It's going to open the path to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes tell us that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can run them on in one.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can scan them on a shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
So this vision sometimes is called paralyme:``bread"for all,``psyche"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even microbes from Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, , always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never descripe and smell the rose . ''
No.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How did anyone think something so crazy?
In part, this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like the others.
It also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and simplest way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is linked consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like in a, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Giuliani Tong, took this kind of theory and developed it regularly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a philosophy, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness . consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of philosophy, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's a degree of information integration, just as significant, a pretty important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of the son says.
Information integration level is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a different level of zero.
In fact, it provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of holiday, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that landscape can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies the underlying reality.
As Stephen Hawking explained, Harvard,``Where does the fire come from? ''
From passionate vision, physical equations can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is what puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, pandemic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a landscape and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that I think about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Artheral artificial intelligence system in the movie``Hero . ''
Is it conscious?
According to analog information vision, she has a complicated, in a complicated, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's pretty serious ethical problems that are really serious about the ethic of the development of intelligent computers, and the ethic of storing.
And finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collections, the planet.
Does it have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal movie for this TED whole group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least a question that has to take seriously.
So this passionate view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing, than the second, that is universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a serious awareness theory.
If no, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight overnight.
But I think we're going to finally find out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a, a, a profile, and he had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I with my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything . And they were right.
I went to school, I, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's chest, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series``Buffett Slam"and``David's Creek . ''
Yeah, I . What contradictions.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, so only about 20 minutes in the 11 class of 11 legal studies a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will your speech go? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well I, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people on wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: this kid had experiences with people with disabilities with disabilities of inspiration.
And we aren't . And it's not guilt, it's, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you carefully.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you've sold the lie that disability is something bad, Massachusett, Massachuse.
It's bad and living with disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread more that lies through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuses is innovation . In effect . ''
Or this one,``Before leaving, ,! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs.
And there are a lot of these images, that are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we were able to encode disabled disabled by people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, so bad that my life could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of the number of times that have been strangers wanting to express that they think I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to.
These images, those images, they make people with disabilities in benefit from people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We knew some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you can think about.
It's not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm called the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in than our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to encode them in the way we do it, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"it tells you as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because you've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here building the inspiration, and you think,``For God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disabilities at all.
However, I don't learn that I am more lucky than them.
I learn that it's a great idea to use a little bit of balance to collect the things that get me, learning the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery in the battery.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world, and it makes us.
I really believe that that lie that you've sold about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us the hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is that it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a ladder has never done it to become a ramp.
Never . smile to a of a television screen will not show up the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It just won't happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not except, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching``Buffet Slam"isn't considered by nothing for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
Disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you think to know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a glowing Governor?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't get rid of it.
When people think about reality, they think in``Minority Report"and in Tom Cruise, where the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because reality increased change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing -- goggles Google Glass.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that lets you see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110-year-old man, trying to decode with everything.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what's using the Google Glass under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine climbing on the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly: Come.
It's horrible to be.
Wait a little bit . Let's zoom in.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Koleon: So as you can see, it's a proof of what is being killed in the football field, from the personality.
You'll have realized that missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Mariand field: mice 54! mice!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Come!
Chris Kolen: So this is a little bit more of feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it will be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with George and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Ocean Rift, that surely many people know.
The Ocean Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh ,!
No, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! Oh my!
CK: So that's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What is the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrian Peters crossing the line, driving out of a talent with the arm before running and making an notation? What's the experience of a fan.
When can I be Messem running through the shell, and the bullet on the bottom of the network, or Federal making a poster in Williams?
What will your experience be when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe it's increased for adults for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual reality, RISD.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the ministers and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . It gives money.
So, here's a brief piece of technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Journal put a meaning to be able to play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the hull of the fields of the field hospital and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group and you see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you're wearing . You won't have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose party, and they hate to lose games.
If you lose party parties, you're a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your party.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer sensors, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
Bad will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the analysis analysis will stop being just nerds.
It's also for sports . Who would have imagined?
What would it be like in the field?
Imagine that you're the field marijuana.
You get the balance and you get back.
You're looking for an open receptor . Suddenly, a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight would warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the robot of R . you're getting you.
Starve to the protection area.
Another flashlight would let you have an open receptor.
You launched the bullet.
The balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where it landed, yet, the receptor sees in their bombsight an area of grass that goes up and it can modify the career.
It's approaching, it hits the bullet, and it runs and it's allowed.
The public flashes and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
Real reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I'm asking you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I, I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth of sports.
He generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone, how harmful are your actions from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives to be pursued?
How much does it also for a Commander Haddesser or a Neil Depositation Toyoone trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of quarterly notes and Karahan notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality gets closer.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on us, as usual.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the High Park of California.
Most of those 23 years I happened to patrol the south end of the Marine County, including the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, mostly known by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gate was open in 1973.
Joseph Strategier, who was commissioned chief engineer to build the bridge, said,``The bridge is virtually at the evidence of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical and likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that travel between two towers will take them to another dimension, and this has been idealized as such, such that the fall from it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that happens underneath you will clean your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which perfect vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally, are depleted in the industrial water, and then they're drowned.
I don't think that the ones that you've completed this method of suicide, you realize the death mask you're going to face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches from parallel steel.
This is where most people are in before taking their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at the darker moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we succeeded that day to bring it back over the gang.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a service to those who controlled suicide, but the officials also.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials.
This is Jason Gardner.
I met the 22 of July last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the pig near the center.
I responded, and when I got, I, I, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Dutch Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 and had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to take suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora box.
remembering the Greek mythology, Pete created Pandora, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From that, they came up, painters, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few of them, leaned on on the right, and it was.
This nice, intelligent boy from New Jersey just took out of life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
So the cultural damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
I listen to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point that you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, , you don't have any fear to face them and ask the question.
A way to ask them the question is,``Other in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life, have these thoughts? ''
confront the person in front can save the life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; helplessness, to believe that there is nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a lost in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's with her permission and blessing that he read them.
\" Hello, Kevin . are in the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but I just noticing more moments than Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Petro to San Francisco to see the post of the 49 with his father on on January 19.
He never came there.
I called the Peace police, and I repeated it as that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my, and they reported that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 150 in the afternoon day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a true mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy with it.
My prayers are with your fight.
The GPS, the Golden Gate is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victor . . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk sidewalk of the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertekon, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw, he immediately crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and half, I heard like Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his own day that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I said,``What was it that made you back and give you hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what?
He said,``I'm listening.
They let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother in Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to leave you.
\" Dear Mr. Britain, ,, I'll not erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was driving for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all of those spinal traits, but, thanks to God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Honestly in debt with you, Narrator Berger . ''
And at the end she writes,``PM . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
\" I know I had to solve! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that their story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandmother was paralyzed with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, , I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide people, or those who consider suicide suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt someone else.
They just want their own pain.
Usually, this is achieved only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason . One.
The other was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three occasions.
On the final bet, I looked at, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and alive, and they can talk about it, that one's or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one left on the side, realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connects marijuana with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or the bridge that we do, is something that everybody and each of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help . hope . Wait.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you feel what you're not, but in your interior, you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way, I amn't alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to be late, when I look at this picture, I think,``Gene, I got it, get it . ''
But last October, I discovered that, barely, I . I.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to be released, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those around us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo, that are considered accepted.
In my, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, even ignored my.
I think this puzzle is called revealed.
This is mine.
I was registered as``kid"by birth because of my genitals.
I remember at my five years in the Philippines, in my, I, I, I always carried this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to engage.
The gender has always been considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare my story, not because I would think it will be bad, but why is the world treated those of us who want to liberate.
Every day, it's going to be woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me like me.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess, of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15, when I still wore in man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she said,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she was involved, she would come from the inspiration spending and the costume, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, he won in a wire suit, and she was third ending between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty queens.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of women transgender, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the unemployed, especially when we were traveling to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, all of that, I met my best friends from that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that I could go live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``Do you know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me, and my name.
She also accompanied me when I operated in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of Thailand's most rural cities, they do the most prestigious, sophisticated, safe surgeries.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the Fed of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
All of a sudden, my fears were lying.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move into New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman's Andy Network.
A young woman in New York who was worth living his truth, but he was missing, he ended up his life.
For many of my, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the rest of the rest of the population.
All the 20th of November is making a global surveillance for the Democratic Day Day.
I'm in this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marsha Peter Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that there are some day no more videos from November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do that? Do you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . Kathryn Schulz: Gene, a question.
Glenn Rockwell: Sure . See, first, thank you all my blessing.
My support network, my parents especially, to my, who is very strong.
I remember all of the times I've been attending to young women through, who I've grown, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept her, . I, I took the phone, I called my mom, and he said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all assigned a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that area not block, and that there should be a space that allows people to authenticate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transit movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
You should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I, I, I'm one of the few parents who's known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
malaria started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were bombed in 2011, when the National Prize Prize was made, and it became very famous, a, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives its conditions to mother and nobody happy to the father.
And one mother gets a lot overwhelming for having a girl.
When you give light to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it comes to light to the second daughter, it's shocked, and with the hope of a son, when he throws his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter, the newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, they stay home and the school adds to his siblings.
Up to 12 years, it somehow has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it's 13 years old, it's been banned to go out of your house without a male ancestor.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and her brothers and his family, and if he carries the code of the code of the honor, , he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this supposedly code of honor, not only affects the life of a's life, , also affects the life of male family members.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of their life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a norm more of patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
It's supposed to a good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very sum.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be street.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a depth.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it desperate.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a poet,``House, love it, and then give light to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he included the same lesson of his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And a lot before he was born, he thought about his name, and she was fascinated with a freedom of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Maui, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my feather, and I climbed a line, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, he admitted it in my.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl's administration in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
They can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it is a great event for child life.
Inside a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admission to school means that it has entered the world of the dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was shocked the Canadian bombsight, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the surname of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters from my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the speed of my daughter.
I encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage him to with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just to Malawi . .
I've shown all of these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for independence.
I taught my daughters, I teach students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson called the health.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the Jewish girls and the killed singers.
They suffered millions, but a few people talked, and it was terrifying to have all those people who killed, and they shake when you talk for your rights.
It's really terrifying.
By the age of 10, Doaa was lifted and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, and he offered himself for the New York Times documentaries, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread like a glamour around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the ninth October of October 2012, they shot up in the head.
It was a feminist day for my.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, and he whispered to my wife,``I, I blame me for what happened to my daughter ,? ''
And he immediately said,``Please don't blame.
The fair cause.
They put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and you joined.
They were both on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words would mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask again . again.
When Doaa was in the hospital, and he had severe pain, and he had severe headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread across my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm fine with my smile and with the instrument in my.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it was connected to.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased sharing with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women's rights, and it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when you don't end your task.
She fights with his brothers, and I really happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that has been so bold to Malawi so brave, expressive and educated? ''
I tell you, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
Don't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated in the brain 18 18 years ago, and from that day, science science has become a of a passion.
I'm an engineer . I.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Montessori group, in Google, where I've had a division to my -- the Google X visualization division, but all the work I'm going to talk about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my job there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you're subjected to a brain operation.
You're still as smart or not?
Isn't that that, can you be smart?
After the neurosurgeon, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, since if it didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than one time I've saved.
But luckily, I have a sense of experimentation, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't have a clear map that is in detail.
I began to test with different mixes, and I was surprised to see how small changes in doses changed my agency, my sense of who I was, my thinking way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried to test doses and typical chemicals for a man of 20s, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- -- --, of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some terrified versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that had the front, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then, I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when you adjust those hormones and neuroscientists, and so forth, it was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost in images, and that became my key point of reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want? It testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Humi, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
So today, there are those people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative, inventive thinking.
So, after several years, I'm able to find the point right, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, very sophisticated, good strategies.
Now, I'm working on how quickly these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use its imagination only to direct the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups that are highlighted in neuroscience.
Both of these used MRI technology, imagine by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandhis and his colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning brain of that same individual as it imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the content of the central column on on the left, and you see that the difference is almost zero.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the Jack Galapa lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it in this.
In this experiment, the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were scanned their brains to create a great brain reactions for video sequences.
Then, you showed a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as it was recorded a new scan.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan, decided to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers in the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
So this left us.
We're pretty close to achieving it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This actually took with the biggest resolution brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is open the skull and introduced electrodes.
I don't offer for that.
A lot of people are providing new types of projection for images, including me, including the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask the following, this technology will be the end?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, more grain magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, do better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a effort in MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the advances recent in resolution of resourceful and brilliant solutions in coding and decreased, in the transformations and the frequency receptors and FM in the MRI systems.
At once, instead of a magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of radio FM.
So when you combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the frequency processing process, FM, we can increase mass information that you can extract in a single scan.
Also, we can then split in layers our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid, but the ones of hormones and neuroscientists that I mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could move over the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use as a tool to amplify our ability skills and communication skills.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer's cure and similar disease.
We have a few options more than opening this door.
Anyway, pick up a year, happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine to take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Your closet may be tell someone for the first time that you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've gone through in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our topics can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Walk Cale, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the Latin military: I wouldn't go to my armpits, I'm going to quote the letters from Ann Di France as a.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the family of my short screen, and for having cared my head, I was just wondering a little kid,``Hey, are you kid or girl? ''
And there's a quiet silence on the table.
I would squeeze my a little bit more, I would take my coffee with an rage left.
The father's in the single newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10, I, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a guy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready, and I was about to go into the female issues on the table . I had the dating quote Betty Friedman . I.
The Gloria Steinem dates.
Even a fragment of the``Vagina Monologues"I will show.
So I breathe, and I went down and down a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what isn't a challenge for a feminist mourning, just a girl with a question,``Are you guys or girl? ''
And so I'd breathe around again, and I got out of clicks near her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is confusing.
I've got the short hair like a boy, and I see clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of a girl . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a tank, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Oh, you're a girl . You're a.
What about the baker I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation of all that ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, we were honest with one another.
As many of us, I, I've lived in some arms in my, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You only know how you feel living in a closet.
It's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why out of my closet was harder than going out of his, but this is: The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who's been declared in broken banking is harder than to say that it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five year-old son that you go to divorce?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard.
We have to stop classified what's hard to us about what it's difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse relative to our guns, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in guns, and they may make them feel secure, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I, I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a street tail, a dress and high heel shoes.
It wasn't a prepared military lesbian to fight any four year-old boy who would go to coffee.
I was frozen by fear, and I was running on in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay pack, and moving only a muscle is the most frightening thing I ever did.
My family, my friends, full strangers with whom I've spent my entire life trying to don't disappoint them, , and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that big, it will kill you.
One, one of my most memorable grain launch was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies laboratories, in my black and toxic dress, I walked around the tables, and finally I came to one where the friends of my parents were known to me about years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay stem battle had started.
\" Aha, were you ever in the married? ''
\" Well, yeah, we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Aha, do you meet my Attlair?
It's really good, and it's never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
\" Aha, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who you love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in hoping to show his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as it all of the grains.
Surely, it could have been easy to to indicate where they were pregnant.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were horizonic.
And what else can you ask to someone, but will you get a lot?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
It's as well as hard conversations remain without my strong point.
Ask anybody I've gone out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panconce's girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what means out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others should know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just to tell it . Ray your patches.
If you know they're gay, tell him.
If they say to their parents, maybe they could be gay, , they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and most importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You never apologize about that.
And some of you can get safe, depending on what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something on, not in you.
Those are the expectations of what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark, starting a grenade, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the speed.
Intelligence, , what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Egge Disk that,``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub can swim . ''
When Edgar Disk wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental mechanisms underlying intelligence.
We took a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth and the Earth's biology or no intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're a alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory to explain how, up to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demolished the surface of a planet, they just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through several disciplines, that they were looking at, to, I, only underlying intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fundamentally adjusted to development of intelligence, and in particular, for universal states development that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different topics and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years ago: Is there an underlying mechanism that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E = a's.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that act in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future action freedom, or maintain open options, with a T, , with the diversity of possible future accessible, , yes, until a, to, it's a successful time.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, by doing this equation, it's natural to ask: what can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"for their life, they should have more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with production of long-term entropy, but it actually emerges directly from it?
In order to figure out, we developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside.
And surprisingly, entropy could pass multiple evidence evidence, play human games, and even make money eating actions, and it wouldn't have been meant to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling, here we see entropy balancing automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave entropy a goal.
He simply decided for his account to balance.
This skill ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate on the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entertainment is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a set game against himself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here, we see entropy to orchestra new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and maintained successfully the whole network connected.
This itself of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see entropy to organize the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using Panama's Canal to expand the global level its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Similarly, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discover and execute a strategy strategy, sell in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Western: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future action freedom.
Now, here's a profound irony.
We go back at the beginning of the use of the robot term, the work``Rwin"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would rise against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then drugs and they try to get rid of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all the future's future is a more fundamental principle than that of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask myself,``How do you look for goals from this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call``home . ''
Even though, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth does in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the size of the distance of the distance between them and their stem star.
In a set, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth planets in our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At its time, this gives clues clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, and our own planet is losing under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Glacier and sea ice that have been with us for thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, or an astronomer.
I study the quality of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immortal sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds is invited to a comparison between the world's newly discovered and the planets we know best: those of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars . .
Mars is small and rocky, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a' mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rovers as the``Curiosity"trace their surface for the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MRI mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights, but also the chance of living on Mars.
But despite the fact that all of these Martian images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with vacation and pioneer ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extinction of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really exuberant places with Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places from Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen spread by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm concerned that this excitement by Mars colonization and other terrifying planets with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influential self from the only planet that we know is really habitable, the Earth.
For a lot of the international exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party is going to take place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and the terrestrial preservation are not.
No, they're actually faces of the same currency: the goal of understanding, and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world, they look like aliens.
They only find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile, hostile areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi said,``By doing account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, and we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life until now . ''
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become technological enough to consider to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only intergalactic colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to make hostile environments from Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve malaria on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the front porch, looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a character, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a would take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was just ready from my and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure I'm not more expensive than a ceremonies at night, so I thought, that despite circumstances, it was fine standing.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I'm a, a, a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corrupt releases that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the factor, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about that eight hours without sleep.
And I began to wonder, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in their place, they avoid that bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, you minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month after my thoughts didn't raise.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that he broke the window, and that he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prospective hindsight.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein who had written about this a few years before, known as the prize.
Everybody knows what the posture is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the prize, as Danny, , you look forward and try to figure out all the stuff that you could go wrong, and you try to figure out what it can do to avoid that things happen or to to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk to you is some of some things we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with obvious ones.
In the house, it will develop a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's right, where the fish are, that location trees, where the friends are living and the enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes on the tons of London . .
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the negative sense of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a disconnect.
For its passport, a particular crate.
For your reading glasses, a particular message.
If you disappear a place, you're substantial with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card card, drive to drive, passport, send it into the mail to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and the thinking.
So part of the prize practice is recognizing that under stress we will not be at the best, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a of loved to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a property for all medical decisions, and actually for the decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor, and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attacks to heart, stroke.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, so the doctor says,``I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help him reduce cholesterol, a state . ''
And maybe you've heard about the seasons, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today . You're probably likely to know people who take them.
And so you think,``Yeah, I, I remember . ''
But there's a question that you have to do, so, a statistic that you should ask about which most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the Newton, the number needed to try.
And what is this, the notice?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And should you think, what kind of crazy statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor won't prescribe me, if I didn't help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if it's someone's fault, , it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But glamour estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely recipes, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before helping a person?
300.
This according to the research of British Jewish researchers and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I explored the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year to take a single heart attack, stroke or another adverse event.
Now, you might think,``Well, one probability in 300 of to go down my.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistic, and it's,``Talk about the side effects ."Yes?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: debate muscle pain and articulate pain, gasoline pain, but now they're thinking,``Five percent isn't likely to happen to me, still taking medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clarity.
So think about how you assign this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 of them have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that the drug is helping you.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air value, but actually this number needed to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that's done in the older men in 50, extracting from prostate for cancer, the number needed to treat is 49.
This is , 49 surgeries for one who has helped.
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or the erectile dysfunction, the urban incidence, the recovery, the fecal incidence.
And if you're lucky, it's one of 50 percent effects just to last one year or two.
So the idea of the prize is to think before the questions that you can ask you to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases corrupt under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a out of a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a face, you don't need the digestive system, or the bookstore or the immune system, because if your body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . You could become the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kahn and its colleagues have shown.
So we have to train us to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is recognizing that we're all flawed.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future what those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Rebellioned at night from snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a character of combination next to the door, with a key door, in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see one in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two' n', even smaller.
Four .'"extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree' tree, and there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of ,"can have, will never get to a full silence.
So that's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ALS, in a of a little bit of my own story.
French signs language came in during the 1800s, and over time time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language we know today.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my, really, in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in an foreign country, following their rules, uses, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and they amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't shake the door! ''
\" Don't do much noise when you eat your potato bag . ''
\" Don't mistakes ,"and when you're eating, you're going to make sure that you don't get the covers in the dish . ''
All of this I call it``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the most average sound label than the average person does.
I'm super worthy of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nervous, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for decide.
TBP ,.
TA, for announced.
You can see that the speaker has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and sharks.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for``sentiment . ''
A typical speaker has five lines . .
But for me, to make it with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a . painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend, and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, it was all auditory.
Now sound has entered my art territory.
It's going to distance more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that you don't just experience through your ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound, and I decided to leave it and get it away.
I began to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
In the background of my, I, I, I, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that I could actually weakened me and my artistic work, or I could be.
I chose I would be empowered.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well and become my voice.
That way I am able to be relevant in society today.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with lots of different performers in America.
And his voice becomes my and my identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I apologize their voices, , I can keep a value in a temporary form of value just like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could break away in the oblivion and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic, profound medium in the music world.
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express in the role.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in America.
The two are both very spatial and highly molded that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning of signals like sound.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so they understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS divide in many different gravitational parameters.
If you add a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, as the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape, the form of the hand, and so, as the piano touches, the English is a linear language, as if you put only a keyboard at a once.
However, the ALS is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in LOL.
If only a key would change the chord, and it would create completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms, timbre and volume.
In America, using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign of this.
This is the``phenomenal on that . ''
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was stuck.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, good!
So I got to think, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day"sign, the sun comes out and put it.
This is``All day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say,``All night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights:``Last night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how time is expressed in Spanish, and how the distance into the body can express changes in time.
For example, one . One . It's a hand, two heroes, . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is,``A long time ago . ''
Then,``the past ."`` Association to ,"which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time,``Once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
See M: Right hand, right, E: left hand.
We have the sentiment through the head and the chest.
( Face: M, Garry") [The Common Time] [In the chest:``E") I'm going to teach you a form of the hand called``floating limb . ''
Can you do it with me?
Everyone with his hands.
Now we're going to do so much in your head like your chest, or``common time ,"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me.
And now this.
It means``colonization . ''
Now, third . Please take me again.
And again.
It's``lighting . ''
Let's do the three together.
\" Let's love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest . But they transmit very different meanings.
It's incredible to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very neurological world.
And just because the ALS does not sound, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn LOL . You have to hear to learn music.
The ALS is a rich treasure, and I'd like to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open up your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of your visual language.
And you never know, you can even in love with us.
Thank you.
density Kalailks: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my said,``You can take it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagined all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance, I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also, and that they're not very good at cleaning the ones from others.
Time happened, now I'm an adult and teach and invention at Hong Kong's school.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach of the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bats and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages six to 15, we dream to invent a way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this job of work with high school, so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them in something that we expect to work.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we took an image of this plastic -- kids are excited with robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the prototype creation that we end up before.
And we transform web cameras and web cameras in accessories, and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and by the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer processing this image and measuring the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called``Intrastructions ,"with hope that someone gets better.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they've been trying to fix it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you see the Internet, and they get stuck with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using hands, in Sunshines, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink, it's water in which they're bathe, water where they're fishing, the place where they live.
You can see also that water is brown, mud, and oil are also brown color, and when it all mix, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a first prototype of a spectrum that can be deployed through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, what can help identify what's in the water.
So we were exploring this prototype with a sensor, and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids . .
[ I can research a problem at a distance] I, I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closest to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the Fukushima nuclear power plant, a close to water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons, they are still leaking out the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution traces by Kesphalen.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it's safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research, independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't have the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day, and we talked about what we're going to do later, strategies, intrigue, etc.
And to do this, we created a reducing map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, and we introduced pigments to represent real-time data, and we harvest water to simulate rain.
And with this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the Arab system, and it developed in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We approached to a mile from the nuclear central, and with the cancer fishermen, we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a sediments of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit so small therefore, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can come true with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Censur Haratha: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are the lies.
We can no longer afford to protect the children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, dreamer, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so that it can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of steel parts, the other one in one thread of silk.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One is imposing about the environment, , the other creates it.
One is designed by nature ,.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that struggle to be free.
The paintbrush was unique Michelangelo tool.
But living beings are not locked up.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we took all the information was required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by regimes of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have discussed a world made from parts, setting up the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as a discomfort of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find an encouraging material assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dialedicated pores.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You actually act mainly as filters, the other principle as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that vary its functionality through the variation of plasticity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, twice as much as every designer and architect to work currently between the paintbrush and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analytics and synthesis, it shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at the simplest level, is trying to unite these two visions of the world, getting away from assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't that possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a, , where four disciplines are going to offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know your minds and your students's hands.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of a, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old mayor of diameter with a vehicle base that some day not to print whole buildings, and graphs to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the darkness.
Here we reinvent the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it's created a screen where every aperture is a single size to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade from Paris with Iraq van Herbie . It's like a second skin made from one, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing printing Strans, we printed this layer and fallen 3D without costs between the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This, this helmet combines rigid and white materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Calaria scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, allows us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time of structural, comfortable and also that absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this pattern of irregular surface, it becomes synthesized.
We printed this surface of 44 for 44 different properties, that vary, operation and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, it would vary its functionality, not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but moving continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raise myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them got to define a lot of what matters to me.
As she says,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a frustrated tree tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no any difference between trunk, and branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made up trees with branches, cortex, horses and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder,``What would be the design if objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant block on on on the planet is called the quadrip, and about 100 million tons of tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marijuana . We had a bunch of shrimp husks, and we put them up, and we produced basketball paste.
Varied chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple boxes of controlled control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material -- 3.5 feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, it leaves them dry to find a natural form to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain physical microorganisms that showed for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and convert it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without any problems of break to mesh, and if it gets further, to windows.
A frustrated tree tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed for biodegradable, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for the interplanetary trips.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
As the periodic table, we made our own elements table: new life forms created computing, made by additive form and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid glass, just instead of making precious metals, are synthesized by new biological officials within very small channels.
This is called microbial.
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms combined.
The first is charity.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that exists in the human intestine.
One convert light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met . In fact.
They're here, and they designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but design evolution.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, to help flow these bacteria and they disrupt their way.
So we started making these channels grow in the human body, and we're looking at the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This wearable digital system, when you stretch from one end to, it's 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED primate, our first portable photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are the fashion creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design provides the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies?
Think about this as a way of edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . adds with sophistication.
This worm of worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolized.
No additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other is glue or matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first goes on in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to wipe a block of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better, how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the iron.
We put it inside a box, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm in a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that a flat cocoon is a flat glass and still metabolized bleeding.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure structure, are directly transmitted by the environment.
You often boil silk worms to death inside their chips, your silk is discarded and used in textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
We would sentence wisely, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hidden robot making silk template, and we got in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We have 65,000 silk worms to a silk farm.
And after they feed them four weeks, they were prepared to Hillary with us.
We put them carefully on in the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were taking away, they were raising, they would take eggs, and the life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The headline silk is biological silk on the frozen silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 65,000 silk worms drop 3,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The chickens, after the crash, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A spider silk through a of a robotic arm, the other fills.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new age of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to nature, that demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature . nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time?
You can show it with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Three . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be older? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm someone who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be older?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, killing and art and developing websites, and also playing the guitar in a Pong band called Telecom frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is not a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm going into it, and I'll let me absorb, and I feel``Yes! I've found the mine ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this in a race.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions, and I'll get to get bored.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad about me, not to define me for anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of commitment, or being dispersed, or to structure or my.
If you can relate my and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have asked me.
Ask themselves, where did they learn to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
We're asking first,``What do you want to be more? ''
We have about five years.
And the truth is, nobody cares about what they answer to that age.
It's considered a naive question to provide cute answers in children like, or ,'``Be an astronaut ,"or``will be a ,"or``I want to be a pirate . ''
And they're interested in the Harvard District here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow in various forms, , and that's, high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be older? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before to what the dream takes.
Why?
So if this question is inspired by children to dream what they might be, I didn't inspire to dream with everything you might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, and you can say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artist of violence and psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he is artistic of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, and the magazine editor, in the interviewing, company, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or true vocation, the idea that each of us has something to devote for their time on in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that you don't have an objective.
And I feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you.
You are a multiplicity.
One is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mouth for that to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, Renaissance.
During the Renaissance time, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shermer refers to us like scanners.
They use any term you like or invent one of your own.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multi-touch as a limitation or the affect that you should beat.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are enormous strengths in this way.
Here are three multi-tail superpowers.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
This Shanghai and Rachel Binn expressed their shared interests in cartography, and the visualization of data, the mathematics, and the design, and the design, in founding Ms. .
Mr. Messa is a company that creates geographics inspired by geographically.
So, Steve and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come.
And the multiply, with all their backgrounds, can access to a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When multiply is interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are being used to being beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and come out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
North dune is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a young pianist, he perfected an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest known metaphor.
Before becoming writing, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when he started its practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launch for publishers.
It's rarely a waste of time going to what you're drawn to, even if at the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . That is, the ability to transform into anything that is in a's situation.
Abe Captain is sometimes video director, other people, websites, sometimes constant of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles, depending on the needs of their customers.
The Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs for market, which will really thrive.
So the synthesis of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability: three skills where multiply things are very adept, and three skills that you could lose if you're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in fighting the multiplying to them.
We have complex, multidimensional problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are shared from a specialist and a management mate.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice, and the multiply provides an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to manage with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multinationals in a large part of it is encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one that you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognition with internal wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, and then especially for all media.
That's where you'll give the best of it.
But for the multi-minutes in the room, including those who just found out to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you, I'm going to tell you with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore the intersections.
It takes our internal wiring to take us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-policed, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the year 1991, a woman called Sudden took it to a psychiatric at French.
It was surprising and couldn't remember even the most basic details in their life.
His doctor was called Alex.
Albert didn't know how to help Sudde, but she was flying around her until, unfortunately, he passed in in 1906.
After his death, , Albert did an autopsy and found strange and high plates in the Sudden brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
Even more amazing.
If I was supposed to have been alive today, we couldn't give it more aid than Alberto gave him 114 years ago.
Alisa was Dr. Louis Alzheimer.
And August Deter, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infections, a lot of treatments for cancer, anti-progressions for HIV, states for rats and much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, will include many of you.
If you wait to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of getting Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping care about a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care cost 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its cost provides a five times increase in 2050, as it age the generation of the baby baboon.
You may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's made relatively little to fight it.
Today, one in the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's disease than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all, even scientists, they confuse Alzheimer with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But only you have to look at a picture of a picture of a healthy brain compared to one of Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to described a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plate plates and strangers in the House's brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they are made from protein molecules.
You can think a protein molecule like a piece of paper that's folding as a origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick together, forming groups that can form big plates and harmony.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like describing a bomb.
A cable could do anything.
So, cutting the other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticist, chemicals, , physicists, and mathematicians and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to to identify a critical step in the process . Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that specifically blocks this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen yet.
Let's look at some videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that will stick within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research as this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 11 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to to Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to convince you that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and if we try, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have gotten more research and exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, on scientists and legislators.
That was essential to progress in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, and the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too messy to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Sudwell, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They hear for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience to test myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are taken to be 30 increasingly personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: when was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: I really like it -- Tell your partner what you get from him or her; I very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, , so I send it to the South Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: : Keep together still?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've been asked this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to it.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on in a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that took a attention to a relatively new relationship.
But as it gave, I had no idea.
The article posted online a Friday night, and the Saturday already happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, they've already called me the Tod Show and the Google Morgan American.
In a month, the article received over eight million visitors, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One is to foster trust by writing with sincerity about other loving experiences, but something else is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, , what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: Are they still following together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``You still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and foreigners like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman scream up to the stage,``Hey Mandela, where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have stolen life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valenti, who included the experiences of the readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse before all this was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a together . together.
I picked up television interviews, and reinforced the photos of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to turn into the invisible icons of the engineering process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute warm.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, and they wanted to know whether it really worked: , if it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, permission love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, about everything, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if you're going to keep together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was no, would it make the experience of asking these 36 less questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Rather than that, I was looking for foster for an interpersonal student between college students, using what Aron called``personal operating openness, progressive and reciprocal ."`` Personal Operation . ''
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer to doing it, several post-conflict studies also used the rapid friendships of Arabia as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it among people of opposing political ideologies.
The original version of history, which I tested last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was cited on this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me, and he said to me with shyness: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I said,``Do you mean you fell in love with the person who you did that? ''
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said,``But did they become better friends? ''
Did you feel that you managed to know better after testing the study?
This.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled into the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a.
I'd had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and he had no idea how or if he could live without him.
So I flew into science.
I investigated everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I, I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought, if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see it more clearly, and I can tell you that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably afford me.
What I find from love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it's going to be completely beloved by the person I love.
This may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who isn't?
How do you stay in love when things complicated, and how do you know when cutting and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of my relationship history, it's -- it's a year ago, a met and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing as staying in love.
And it's the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We fall in love because we take the choice to be.
And I get a little bit to read it now, because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed to be that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and as long as I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous, loving and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is converted my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that my truth is true.
I want the very happy implicit on the title of the title of my article, which is, to the only part of the article that I didn't actually write.
But what I'm in change is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
And I was raised by a little bit of line in full mountain, and in a way, I came to the forest.
The New York City does a while ago, . Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I started with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a bill, a, a' bill, a, a' bill, a feather and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some weird humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and they would learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a given time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of scratch and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother.
And he took a dictionary, and he threw all the pages and made a kind of cardinatory cell to the Agnes Martin style, the resin covered and a bee was trapped.
Well, my is fear of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow, it seemed like it's size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying glass.
So I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow strokes, draw the same thing to do around a chain in the crime scene.
And I took the objects out and created my own taxonomy from invented specimens.
First, botanical -- you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Sishium.
It was great ,.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work burned with something very big, I call``treatment . ''
For``Transition"inspired me in a big measure in``The Garden of Delights ,"which is a painting in the museum of the Prada in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic painting.
They say it's a little bit ahead.
Well, the``transformation"-- I explained this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It's got twice, so it's 10 meters.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh underworld where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed on the edge, ready for suicide suicide, running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird kid tied to a . One.
Billy Graham is on in the sea; the horizon -- the oil platform of the Walker spill -- the Osama Bin Laden shelter, there's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of mammography.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it's opening oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like banks, and it looks like a metaphor that keeps Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's kind of a``transformation . ''
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I heard.
And then, when you go on to the other side, you have a catch, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds from this.
It also has a 500 feet long a snake tail that joins``transformation . ''
Anyway, their tail is going to be to go through a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a collective balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead of their time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called physicians.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, or diagnosis or magazines.
But each one acts as a human kind of archive, and they travel in groups of 20 or four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, , they come together, and they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope contract that weighs 1,300 pounds with a trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, , you can inside the entrance.
And I'm going to join them for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of ordinary thing.
It's a quick leap of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the tragic cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a . It's called Pierrow Worthfulness.
In this box there is a physicist, a, a, , a, , a writer, a writer, a radio minister, a museum, a arm, a school arm, which spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people in touch with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way the world change.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, it doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness, and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head hurts?
They take an aspirin.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, and the gut and other organs.
Taking a pill is the most effective system and putting it into so that any drug drives effect in the body.
And the downside, however, is that when you plot it any drug, it goes down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV . .
When they take antiretroviral drugs, and they serve the amount of viruses in the blood, and it will increase the CDC cells.
But they're also known by their side side effects, mostly negative, because in time they're going to get to the blood current, they get dilute, and worse still for the time they go to their destiny, which is more important: at HIV.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is unacceptable, and it doesn't easily enter the bloodstream of the patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today's drug treatment, which is a lifelong treatment.
One, I sat down and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of the drug dialogue? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for care care and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything to imagine, including the internal transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
And the best people are asking,``How is that possible? ''
We send a little, powerful ray of laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, led to the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes drugs, releases it directly on the infection site, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can drive to the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yes . A cure for HIV.
This is the entire HIV researcher -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I, I've been studying armed armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generation agencies and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, from the 21st peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
And so we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-lethal policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese, known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Helvetica has also established a political party, a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinians, known by its suicide suicide attacks, also managed the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shoot.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, television channels, and Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the Islam magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising, but by profitable businesses, for example companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or micro-controller.
Hello offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population, offering something that the state does not provide: security and protection.
The access to the Taliban in an Afghanistan who's torn out of the war or even in the rise of ISIS, can also understand the efforts of these groups to deliver security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an extraordinarily elevated price for the population.
But generally, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they fill gaps with the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, the less we can catalog them as a state.
How do you call a group like Hello?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they pick up the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines come up.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the weaker the states are, as in the Middle East today, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to contrast these groups to have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we'll understand better what incentives to offer to foster violence from violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are ventilated, but I fear that accepting openly the label of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm autistic as a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling me``The Bad feminist . ''
So, what started as a personal joke described to myself and a deliberate province, has become something bigger.
Let me give a step back.
When I was young, especially on in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with the men and they hated sex . As if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, it seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they could be feminist.
Being tagged as feminist was an accusation, a word and nasty word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, , which is too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
No one wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it is actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Eventually, as I was growing up, I started accepting I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are strange: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, or boom or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible ancestors and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women needs, you have to have our other identities.
We are not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, and much more.
We need to be aware of these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, , our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I . I.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I listen to the passenger music.
Although the letter degraded the women and it offends me deeply, the classic``Salt Share"from the yin Yane Twin is incredible.
\" Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Zero, , give it up until I give you the shell! ''
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage collection, grass care and maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Back"and romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies from the fairy stories that make them reality.
Some of my crimes are harder.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's side, , it's his choice, and I not to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, , accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
So let's solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or desperately deployed the needs for the women of color, the workers, gay and transgendered, for white women, heterosexual women, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
The next thing happens: As feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put out of the feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that it's the perfect.
When we were disappointed, we'll cut them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal as we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I, I'm a disaster of that pedestrian before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being tagged as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say, and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist ,"by fear of what that sticker means, by fear of not to be able to be able to do with unreasonable expectations.
Let's take Beau, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a.
In the video of the 21st Muslim Afghans in 2014, in MTV, in MTHCalet, in the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star openly to the feminism and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started endless debates whether Beethoven was or not exactly feminist.
They qualified their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection from feminist, because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism, to design the feminism of any woman, break it up until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, is a more inclusive feminist.
But what happens next?
We're going to be able to recognize our imperfections to realize, to go to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I hear a degrading music, I, I, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have their music that will be so sticky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify, this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, of three and four years.
It's two magnificent, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where it's appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option becomes increasingly easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport, which is the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movies somewhere else when films don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their partners as a seal bag.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, participate in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number enough of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people . ''
Those of us who are out there, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers.
Because we're not a young brain . Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, , our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can take these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, people in the leading power and music producers and music, CEOs, the legislators, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminist, good, bad, or anything.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, most of all, because I'm trying to my voice was stolen, and feminism helped me remember it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a.
They treated me like anything.
I started to believe that was nothing.
I stole my voice, and after all I'm not dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with that, I went back.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what meant living in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if it was a, , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a, , I'm trying to improve my thinking way, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything I'm human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that all of us can be a little courageous, when more you need it.
Just after Christmas last year , 128 children in California had measles to have visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One, one of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse: autism . autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that drew the policy over autism and the disconnected, disconnected and marked for being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't most intelligent scientists than the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines will put in danger to their children from having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it, they created their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot.
Foundation organizations like Autopoty Spears are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as I could get another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as``approved diagnostic criteria ,"and``better cases ,"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language didn't make a lot of the fears of a young mother who's looking at the face of his two-year-old son, the eye contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to do with the slow and cautious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is, and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism than had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanan, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1949, Canada published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, giving people around them, including their own parents.
They could fun for hours holding their hands into their faces, but they were the press of the panic by mentors like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their favorite place without knowing them.
On the basis of the basis of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanand speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the topic, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as it collect references of places as distant as South Africa . .
This actually isn't surprising, because the criteria in Kansas for the diagnosis of autism were very restrictive.
For example, it's disappointed to give up that diagnosis to children, but we now know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
I once realized that he had converted nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to their office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kant was an intelligent man, but part of his theories weren't closed.
He classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and descended parents.
These kids, he said, have remained carefully in a fridge that doesn't display.
At the same time, though, Kant noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that spread in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they were two years old.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he properly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Canada had a view of these skills, and he's taking things like children were simply regurgitating what they had heard of their fellow parents, desperate for winning their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kanand that autism was rare.
Larry Wong, cognitive psychologist in London, I thought that the theory of the neural mother in Kansas was quite stupid.
She and his husband John was warm and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a a girl like Susie without special education, without special education, and without access to other resources without a access.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that we should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They gave a suburb from London called Cambodia to try to find autistic kids in the community.
What you saw left clear that the Zander model was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were cooled in their fascination for astrophysics, or in the geology of the genetics of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and scared, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kansas monolithic model would have predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to Kansas's article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kant knew about this article of competition, but it avoided, but I would deliberately mention it in its own work.
There wasn't even an English translation, but luckily, the London husband talked German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a who was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s.
Asperger's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of exercises with music, and kids kept their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming to the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and adaptive spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as the patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was to help in developing methods that were especially appropriate for them.
fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would take an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, watching aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture as the traditional social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He went beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Larry and Judith found that Kandahar was wrong when autism was infected, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked silently with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s and early '90s, and their changes came on to the signal, by the limited model of Kandahar by one wide and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken dry.
In case, when Lord and Judith was working between these criteria to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it comes out``Rain Man"in 1988, only a little circle, commissioned by experts knew what autism was, but after the unforgettable performance of Justin Hoffman, and the recognition of``Rain Man ,"with four awards of academia, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection to that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man ,"the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started getting rid of, just as they predicted London and Judith, actually hoped that that was, getting people with autism and their families eventually got the support and the services that were deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines on the diagnosis, a simple, powerful, security story, as bad as the Kanan theory that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are for solving by new medical advances, running the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
A way of understanding neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit deficit.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who creates that``cure ,"for the most inclusive aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, support communities, and parents in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman called Kosovo Zakahs once said, and said,``We need all the hands in covered to address the ship of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford waste or a brain.
Thank you.
